# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 1sur 2

**Page:** 642 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 1sur 2 SECTION 206-03: Front Disc Brake 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual REMOVAL AND INSTALLATION Procedure revision date: 10/25/2013 Brake Caliper Removal specification. Additionally, do not use brake fluid that has been previously drained. Following these instructions will help prevent system contamination, brake component damage and the risk of serious personal injury. information seek medical advice. In the USA or Canada on Ford/Motorcraft products call: 1-800-959- 3673. For additional information, consult the product Material Safety Data Sheet (MSDS) if available. Failure to follow these instructions may result in serious personal injury. NOTICE: Do not spill brake fluid on painted or plastic surfaces or damage to the surface may occur. If brake fluid is spilled onto a painted or plastic surface, immediately wash the surface with water. NOTE: Removal steps in this procedure may contain installation details. 1. Remove the wheel and tire. For additional information, refer to Section 204-04 . 2. Discard the specified component. Follow local disposal regulations. 1. NOTE: Use 2 new copper washers. To install, tighten to 35 Nm (26 lb-ft). 2. NOTE: Tighten the lower brake caliper guide pin bolt first. To install, tighten to 37 Nm (27 lb-ft). Installation 1. To install, reverse the removal procedure. 2. Bleed the brake caliper. For additional information, refer to Component Bleeding in Section 206-00 . file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE263005.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---