# PINPOINT TEST K: DTC U0100

**Page:** 791 | **Type:** text

PINPOINT TEST K: DTC U0100 Test Step Result / Action to Take K1 VERIFY THE SCAN TOOL COMMUNICATES WITH THE PCM (cid:122) Connect the scan tool. Yes (cid:122) Check that a vehicle session can be GO to K2 . established using the scan tool. (cid:122) Can a vehicle session be No established? REFER to Section 418-00 to diagnose no communication with the PCM. K2 CHECK THE ABS MODULE CONTINUOUS MEMORY DTCs (cid:122) Ignition ON. Yes (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode GO to K3 . on the scan tool: Self Test —ABS Module . No (cid:122) Clear the DTCs. The system is operating correctly at this time. The DTC (cid:122) Wait 10 seconds. may have been set due to high network traffic or an (cid:122) Repeat the ABS module self-test. intermittent fault condition. (cid:122) Is DTC U0100 retrieved again? K3 RETRIEVE THE RECORDED DTCs FROM THE PCM KOEO SELF-TEST (cid:122) Check for recorded DTCs from the Yes PCM Key ON Engine OFF (KOEO) For PCM DTCs, REFER to Section 303-14 . self-test. (cid:122) Is DTC P0562 or P0563 recorded? No GO to K4 . K4 RETRIEVE THE RECORDED DTCs FROM THE ABS MODULE SELF-TEST (cid:122) Check for recorded DTCs from the Yes ABS module self-test. GO to Pinpoint Test A . (cid:122) Is DTC B1676 recorded? No GO to K5 . K5 CHECK FOR DTC U0100 SET IN OTHER MODULES (cid:122) Ignition ON. Yes (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode INSTALL a new PCM. REFER to Section 303-14 . TEST on the scan tool: Self Test —All the system for normal operation. CMDTCs . (cid:122) Retrieve the continuous memory No DTCs from all modules. INSTALL a new ABS module. REFER to Anti-Lock Brake (cid:122) Is DTC U0100:00 or U0100 set in System (ABS) Module in this section. TEST the system more than 1 module? for normal operation.

---