# General
**Page:** 711 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 7sur 16 (cid:122) Connect: Adjustable Pedals Motor C2159 (vehicles with memory INSTALL a new brake pedal feature) or C2003 (vehicles without memory feature). control switch. REFER to (cid:122) Ignition ON. Brake Pedal Control Switch (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan tool: in this section. CLEAR the DataLogger —SCCM . DTCs. REPEAT the self-test. (cid:122) NOTE: Toggling the active command ON causes the pedal to TEST the system for normal move in the commanded direction for 2 seconds and then the operation. pedal stops. (cid:122) Toggle the pedals forward (PEDAL_IN) active command ON. No (cid:122) Toggle the PEDAL_IN active command OFF. GO to A11 . (cid:122) Toggle the pedals rearward (PEDAL_OUT) active command ON. (cid:122) Toggle the PEDAL_OUT active command OFF. (cid:122) Do the adjustable pedals respond correctly to the corresponding active commands? A11 CHECK THE SCCM FOR CORRECT OPERATION (cid:122) Disconnect: SCCM C2414A and C2414B. Yes (cid:122) Check SCCM C2414A and SCCM C2414B for: INSTALL a new SCCM . (cid:132) corrosion. REFER to Section 211-05 . (cid:132) pushed-out pins. CLEAR the DTCs. REPEAT (cid:132) spread terminals. the self-test. TEST the (cid:122) Connect: SCCM C2414A and C2414B. system for normal operation. (cid:122) Connect: Adjustable Pedals Motor C2159 (vehicles with memory feature) or C2003 (vehicles without memory feature). (cid:122) Make sure the connectors seat correctly, then operate the No system and verify the concern is still present. The system is operating (cid:122) Is the concern still present? correctly at this time. The concern may have been caused by a loose or corroded connector. CLEAR the DTCs. REPEAT the self- test. TEST the system for normal operation.

---
