# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 11sur 19

**Page:** 163 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 11sur 19 equipped with a TPMS sensor. If a damaged road wheel is wheel to the vehicle. REFER to located in the cargo area, the sensor may still be recognized Wheel and Tire in this section. by the TPMS as low. Make sure the spare tire is not currently ADJUST tire pressures to the in use. To restore TPMS functionality, repair the damaged required pressure as defined road wheel and re-mount it to the vehicle. on the VC label located in the driver door jam. (cid:122) Check spare tire location. (cid:122) Is the spare tire in use? No GO to D3 . D3 CHECK IF THE TIRES WERE ROTATED WITHOUT TPMS SENSOR TRAINING Yes NOTE: If the TPMS sensors at the front of the vehicle are still The tires have been rotated trained in the rear positions but inflated to the front air without training the sensors. pressures, the TPMS warning indicator illuminates TRAIN the sensors. REFER to continuously. Tire Pressure Monitoring (cid:122) Ignition ON. System (TPMS) Sensor (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan tool: Training in this section. DataLogger —BCM . (cid:122) Monitor and record the following BCM PIDs: No (cid:132) Left Front Tire Pressure (TPM_PRES_LF) GO to D4 . (cid:132) Right Front Tire Pressure (TPM_PRES_RF) (cid:132) Left Rear Tire Pressure (TPM_PRES_LRO) (cid:132) Right Rear Tire Pressure (TPM_PRES_RRO) (cid:122) Do the rear PIDs show front air pressures and the front PIDs show rear air pressures? D4 CHECK FOR STUCK TPMS SENSOR (cid:122) Monitor and record the following BCM PIDs: Yes (cid:132) Left Front Tire Pressure (TPM_PRES_LF) REFER to Section 413-01 to (cid:132) Right Front Tire Pressure (TPM_PRES_RF) diagnose the TPMS warning (cid:132) Left Rear Tire Pressure (TPM_PRES_LRO) indicator is always on. (cid:132) Right Rear Tire Pressure (TPM_PRES_RRO) (cid:122) Using the Digital Tire Pressure Gauge, measure the actual tire No pressures. INSTALL a new TPMS sensor (cid:122) Compare the air pressure PIDs with the actual air pressures. (s) for the sensor(s) in (cid:122) Do the compared tire pressure values match within ±5 question. REFER to Tire psi? Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) Sensor in this section.

---