# PINPOINT TEST E: THE BCM CANNOT ENTER SENSOR TRAINING MODE WHEN USING THE TPM

**Page:** 164 | **Type:** text

PINPOINT TEST E: THE BCM CANNOT ENTER SENSOR TRAINING MODE WHEN USING THE TPM SENSOR TRAINING PROCEDURE Test Step Result / Action to Take E1 CHECK THE STOPLAMP OPERATION (cid:122) Ignition ON. Yes (cid:122) Press and release the brake pedal while GO to E2 . monitoring the stoplamps. (cid:122) Do the stoplamps operate properly? No REFER to Section 417-01 to continue diagnosis of the stoplamp switch. E2 CHECK THE IGNITION SWITCH INPUT (cid:122) Ignition ON. Yes (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the GO to E3 . scan tool: BCM DataLogger. (cid:122) Monitor the BCM ignition switch PID No (IGN_SW_STATE) with the ignition in the REFER to Section 211-05 to continue diagnosis RUN position. of the ignition switch. (cid:122) Does the PID indicate the correct ignition switch position? E3 CHECK FOR VEHICLE SPEED-RELATED DTCs IN THE BCM (cid:122) Carry out the BCM self-test. Yes (cid:122) Are any vehicle speed-related DTCs REFER to the BCM DTC Chart in Section 419- present? 10 . No GO to E4 . E4 CHECK FOR CORRECT BCM OPERATION (cid:122) Disconnect all the BCM connectors. Yes (cid:122) Check the connectors for: INSTALL a new BCM . REFER to Section 419- (cid:132) corrosion 10 . TEST the system for normal operation. (cid:132) damaged pins (cid:132) pushed-out pins No (cid:122) Connect all the BCM connectors and make The system is operating correctly at this time. sure that they are seated correctly. The concern may have been caused by a loose (cid:122) Operate the system and verify the concern is or corroded connector. still present. (cid:122) Is the concern still present?

---