# PINPOINT TEST L: DTC U0114

**Page:** 792 | **Type:** text

PINPOINT TEST L: DTC U0114 Test Step Result / Action to Take L1 VERIFY THE CUSTOMER CONCERN (cid:122) Ignition ON. Yes (cid:122) Verify there is an observable symptom GO to L2 . present. (cid:122) Is an observable symptom present? No The system is operating normally at this time. The DTC may have been set due to high network traffic or an intermittent fault condition. L2 CHECK THE COMMUNICATION NETWORK (cid:122) Using a scan tool, carry out a Network Yes Test. GO to L3 . (cid:122) Does the TCCM pass the network test? No REFER to Section 418-00 . L3 RETRIEVE THE RECORDED DTCs FROM THE ABS MODULE AND TCCM SELF-TESTS (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on Yes the scan tool: Self Test —ABS For ABS module DTC B1676, GO to Pinpoint Test A . Module . For TCCM DTCs, REFER to Section 308-07A . (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan tool: Self Test —TCCM . No (cid:122) Is DTC B1676 (or P0562:00) or DTC GO to L4 . P0563:00 recorded? L4 RECHECK THE ABS MODULE DTCs (cid:122) Clear the DTCs. Yes (cid:122) Ignition OFF. GO to L5 . (cid:122) Wait 10 seconds. (cid:122) Ignition ON. No (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on The system is operating correctly at this time. The the scan tool: Self Test —ABS DTC may have been set due to high network traffic or Module . an intermittent fault condition. (cid:122) Is DTC U0114 still present? L5 CHECK FOR DTC U0114 SET IN OTHER MODULES file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE269003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---