# General
**Page:** 784 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 33sur 58 I1 CHECK THE ABS MODULE DTCs (cid:122) Review the DTCs recorded during Inspection and Yes Verification. GO to I2 . (cid:122) Was DTC C109D the only recorded DTC? No If DTC C109E and/or C109F was retrieved, GO to I6 . For all other DTCs, REFER to the ABS Module DTC Chart in this section. I2 CHECK DTC RETURNABILITY (cid:122) Using the scan tool, clear the ABS module DTCs. Yes (cid:122) Ignition OFF. GO to I3 . (cid:122) Disconnect the scan tool. (cid:122) Start the engine. No (cid:122) NOTE: It may take up to 3 minutes for DTC C109D to set. If DTC C109E and/or C109F was (cid:122) Allow the vehicle to idle for a minimum of 4 minutes. Apply retrieved, GO to I6 . and release the brake pedal for a minimum of 3 times per minute with normal pedal force for up to 3 minutes For all other DTCs, REFER to the (cid:122) Ignition OFF. ABS Module DTC Chart in this (cid:122) Connect the scan tool. section. (cid:122) Ignition ON. (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan tool: Self If no DTC is set, the system is Test —ABS Module . operating correctly as this time. (cid:122) Is DTC C109D the only vacuum sensor DTC present? The concern may have been caused by a loose or corroded connector. CLEAR the DTC. REPEAT the self-test. I3 CHECK THE ENGINE VACUUM (cid:122) Carry out the Intake Manifold Vacuum Test, refer to Yes Diagnosis and Testing in Section 303-00 . GO to I4 . (cid:122) Record the vacuum reading. (cid:122) Does the vacuum gauge indicate normal vacuum? No FOLLOW the diagnostic procedure in Section 303-00 . I4 CHECK THE BRAKE BOOSTER (cid:122) Carry out the Brake Booster Component Test. Refer to Yes Section 206-00 . GO to I5 . (cid:122) Do the brake booster and check valve pass the component test? No REPAIR or INSTALL new as necessary. CLEAR the DTC. REPEAT the self-test. I5 CHECK THE BRAKE BOOSTER VACUUM LEVEL (BBVACLVL) PID (cid:122) Connect the scan tool. Yes (cid:122) Start the engine. REPAIR any vacuum leaks at the (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan tool: vacuum system. For 4x4 vehicles, DataLogger —ABS Module . REPAIR any vacuum leaks from (cid:122) Compare the recorded vacuum reading the brake booster the vacuum hub lock system. vacuum level PID. REPEAT the ABS module self- (cid:122) Does the PID match the recorded vacuum reading of test. ±3.386 kPa (1 in-Hg)? file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE269003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
