# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 1sur 3

**Page:** 627 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 1sur 3 SECTION 206-00: Brake System —General Information 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual GENERAL PROCEDURES Procedure revision date: 10/25/2013 Brake System Inspection Material Item Specification Motorcraft® Metal Brake Parts — Cleaner (US) / Motorcraft® Brake Parts Cleaner (Canada) PM-4-A or PM-4-B (US); CPM-4 (Canada) Motorcraft® Silicone Brake Caliper ESE-M1C171- Grease and Dielectric Compound A XG-3-A Brake Pads NOTE: It is not required to install new brake pads when the brake discs are machined. 1. Inspect the brake pad friction material for contamination. (cid:122) If the friction material shows evidence of contamination, install new brake pads. For additional information, refer to Section 206-03 for front brake pads or Section 206-04 for rear brake pads. 2. Inspect and measure the thickness of the brake pad friction material. For additional information, refer to Specifications in this section. (cid:122) Minor surface cracks do not require pad replacement, however, if there are missing chunks or cracks in the lining through to the backing plate, install new brake pads. For additional information, refer to Section 206-03 for front brake pads or Section 206-04 for rear brake pads. (cid:122) If the thickness of the friction material is less than the specified thickness, install new brake pads. For additional information, refer to Section 206-03 for front brake pads or Section 206-04 for rear brake pads. (cid:122) If the friction material shows taper wear that is not within specifications, install new brake pads and verify the caliper guide pins are functioning correctly. For additional information, refer to Brake Caliper Guide Pins inspection. Brake Discs NOTICE: Using an impact tool without a torque socket will lead to unevenly tightened wheel nuts. This causes brake disc on-vehicle lateral runout and brake roughness. 1. Inspect the brake discs and measure the brake disc thickness. Record the measurement. Refer to Specifications in this section. (cid:122) If the brake disc is cracked or otherwise damaged, install a new brake disc. For additional information, refer to Section 206-03 for front brakes or Section 206-04 for rear brakes. (cid:122) If the measurement is below the minimum thickness specification, install a new brake disc. For additional information, refer to Section 206-03 for front brakes or Section 206-04 for rear brakes. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE260008.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---