# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 1sur 2

**Page:** 580 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 1sur 2 SECTION 205-04: Front Drive Halfshafts 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual DESCRIPTION AND OPERATION Procedure revision date: 10/25/2013 Front Drive Halfshafts The front drive halfshafts consist of the following: (cid:122) Inner CV joints (cid:122) Outer CV joints (cid:122) Interconnecting shafts (cid:122) Convoluted CV joint boots (cid:122) CV joint boot clamps (cid:122) Special CV high-temperature grease (cid:122) Tripod joint housings (cid:122) Ball and cage housings (cid:122) A circlip stopper that holds the cross-groove inboard race assembly (inboard CV joint) together (cid:122) A circlip that retains the splined inboard CV joint to the differential side gear The front drive halfshafts link the front axle to the front wheel hubs. The CV joints allow the halfshafts to rotate smoothly through the required changes in angles between the stationary axle and the varying angles of the front wheels including jounce and rebound plus changes while turning. The CV joints are either tri- lobed style or the caged ball type depending on inboard or outboard. New halfshaft components are available as kits containing grease, boots and clamps. Halfshaft Handling Handle all halfshaft components carefully during removal and installation and during various component disassembly and assembly procedures. (cid:122) Never pick up or hold the halfshaft only by the inboard or outboard CV joint. (cid:122) Do not overangle the CV joints. (cid:122) Damage will occur to an assembled inboard CV joint if it is overplunged outward from the joint housing. (cid:122) Never use a hammer to remove or install the halfshafts from the hub. (cid:122) Never use the halfshaft assembly as a lever to position other components. Always support the free end of the halfshaft. (cid:122) Do not allow the boots to contact sharp edges or hot exhaust components. (cid:122) Handle the halfshaft only by the interconnecting shaft to avoid pull-apart and potential damage to the CV joints. (cid:122) Excessive pulling force on the interconnecting shaft between joints of the halfshaft will result in internal joint damage. Axial loads used in assisting removal must be applied through the inboard joint housing only. (cid:122) Do not drop assembled halfshafts. The impact will cut the boots from the inside without evidence of external damage. (cid:122) Do not remove the outer CV joint by pulling on the interconnecting shaft. (cid:122) Inspect all machined surfaces and splines for damage. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE254002.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---