# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 11sur 18

**Page:** 214 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 11sur 18 weights or undercoating. CHECK the driveshaft balance. CARRY OUT a driveline vibration test. REFER to Driveshaft Runout and Balancing in this section. (cid:122) Binding or (cid:122) INSPECT the driveshaft damaged CV joint for wear or driveshaft CV joint damage. INSTALL a new driveshaft as necessary. REFER to Section 205- 01 . (cid:122) Excessive (cid:122) CARRY OUT a runout driveshaft runout check. REFER to Driveshaft Runout and Balancing in this section. (cid:122) Driveline angles (cid:122) CHECK for correct out of driveline angles. REPAIR specification as necessary. REFER to Driveline Angle Measurement in this section. (cid:122) Incorrectly seated (cid:122) CHECK the outer CV joint CV joint in the for correct seating into the wheel hub hub. REPAIR as necessary. REFER to Section 205-04 . (cid:122) Damage or (cid:122) INSTALL a new driveshaft missing driveshaft as necessary. REFER to slip yoke damper Section 205-01 . (163 in wheelbase and 133 in wheelbase 4.6L 4x2 do not get dampers) Analysis of Leakage Clean the leaking area enough to identify the exact source. A plugged axle housing vent can cause excessive pinion seal lip wear due to internal pressure buildup. Verify the lubricant level is at least 3-5 mm (1/8-3/16 in) below the bottom of the fill hole. Axle Vent A plugged vent will cause excessive seal lip wear due to internal pressure buildup. If a leak occurs, check the vent. If the vent cannot be cleared, install a new vent. Drive Pinion Seal Leaks at the drive pinion seal originate from the following causes: file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE250003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---