# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 6sur 16

**Page:** 710 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 6sur 16 (cid:122) Vehicles without memory, connect the test light as follows: (cid:132) Connect one lead on the test light to C2003-1, circuit CPP02 (BN), harness side. (cid:132) Connect the other lead on the test light to C2003-2, circuit CPP01 (WH/OG), harness side. (cid:122) Press the brake pedal control switch in the forward and rearward positions and verify the test light illuminates. (cid:122) Does the test light illuminate when the brake pedal control switch is pressed in each direction? A9 CHECK THE ADJUSTABLE BRAKE PEDALS CABLE OPERATION (cid:122) Connect: Adjustable Pedals Motor C2159 (vehicles with memory Yes feature) or C2003 (vehicles without memory feature). INSTALL a new brake pedal (cid:122) Disconnect the adjustable brake pedals cable from the assembly. REFER to Brake adjustable brake pedal and bracket. Pedal and Bracket in this (cid:122) Operate the brake pedal control switch and observe the cable in section. CLEAR the DTCs. the conduit. REPEAT the self test. TEST (cid:122) Does the adjustable brake pedals cable turn in the conduit? the system for normal operation. No INSTALL a new adjustable accelerator pedal and motor with attached cable. REFER to Accelerator Pedal — Adjustable, Exploded View in Section 310-02 . CLEAR the DTCs. REPEAT the self test. TEST the system for normal operation. A10 CHECK THE SCCM ADJUSTABLE PEDALS ACTIVE COMMANDS (cid:122) Select PARK. Yes file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE266007.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---