# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 16sur 19

**Page:** 168 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 16sur 19 Test Step Result / Action to Take G1 ATTEMPT TO TRAIN THE TPMS SENSORS Yes NOTE: Banded TPMS sensors are not The system is operating correctly at this time. compatible with the valve mounted TPMS The concern may have been caused by RFI . sensor system. NOTE: The BCM has a 2-minute time limit No between sensor responses. If the BCM does If one or more TPMS sensors trained, GO to not recognize any 1 of the 4 tire pressure G2 . If none of the TPMS sensors trained, GO sensors during this time limit, the horn sounds to Pinpoint Test E . twice, the message center displays TIRE NOT TRAINED REPEAT, and the entire procedure must be repeated. (cid:122) Train all 4 TPMS sensors. Refer to Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) Sensor Training in this section. (cid:122) Do all of the TPMS sensors train? G2 CHECK FOR RADIO FREQUENCY INTERFERENCE (cid:122) Ignition ON. Yes (cid:122) Move the vehicle to rotate the wheels at least The system is operating correctly at this time. one-fourth turn. The concern may have been caused by RFI . (cid:122) Train all 4 TPMS sensors. Refer to Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) Sensor No Training in this section. ATTEMPT to train the TPMS sensor(s) with (cid:122) Did the TPMS sensor(s) train? the doors open. If the TPMS sensor(s) still do not train INSTALL a new TPMS sensor(s) for the sensor(s) in question. REFER to Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) Sensor in this section. TEST the system for normal operation.

---