# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 3sur 19

**Page:** 155 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 3sur 19 Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) Warning Indicator and Message Center Messages The TPMS warning indicator and vehicle message center sometimes display faults that cannot be resolved by the customer. Treat these messages as TPMS faults that must be serviced. Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) Warning Indicator Illuminates Continuously NOTE: When directed to train or re-train any TPMS sensors, use only the sensor training procedure outlined in Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) Sensor Training . Do not use the TPMS reset procedure outlined in the Owner's Literature as this procedure will not program new sensors to the module. The TPMS warning indicator remains on continuously and the message center displays LOW TIRE PRESSURE when any of the tire pressures are low. When this condition exists, adjust the tire pressure to the recommended cold pressure indicated on the VC label. NOTE: The TPMS sensors do not transmit when the vehicle is stationary. If the vehicle has been stationary for more than 30 minutes, it is necessary to wake up the sensors so that they transmit the latest tire pressure information to the TPM module. If the vehicle has been stationary for more than 30 minutes, carry out the Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) Sensor Activation procedure in this section. TPMS Warning Indicator Flashes The TPMS warning indicator flashes for 70 seconds, then remains ON continuously when the ignition switch is turned to the ON position and 1 or more of the following conditions exists: (cid:122) Tire Pressure Sensor Fault —The message center displays TIRE PRESSURE SENSOR FAULT when a TPMS sensor is malfunctioning. GO to Symptom Chart . (cid:122) No communication with the BCM . The TPMS indicator is illuminated when the IPC has not received any signals from the BCM for more than 5 seconds. The message center displays TIRE PRESSURE MONITOR FAULT. GO to Symptom Chart . (cid:122) Tire Pressure Monitor Fault —The message center displays TIRE PRESSURE MONITOR FAULT when the TPMS is malfunctioning or communication with the IPC has been lost. GO to Symptom Chart . The TP_STAT PID can be used to determine why the TPMS warning indicator is flashing. Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) PID Definitions and Intermittent Troubleshooting TPMS Status PID The TPM monitors the TPMS status. The current status can be viewed by accessing the TPMS status PID : TPMS_STAT using the scan tool. This helps identify the current system status and may aid in diagnosing the system. The PID has 4 valid states: 1. TPMS_STAT = SENSOR FAULT. (cid:122) If the module has not received the tire pressure status from 1 to 3 TPMS sensors for 20 minutes when the vehicle speed is above 32 km/h (20 mph), the PID displays SENSOR FAULT. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE244004.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---