# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 2sur 4

**Page:** 255 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 2sur 4 2. Remove the driveshaft. Refer to Driveshaft —Front or Driveshaft —Rear, Two-Piece in this section. 3. NOTICE: Do not, under any circumstance, clamp the driveshaft in the jaws of a vise or similar holding fixture. Denting or localizing fracture can result, causing driveshaft failure during vehicle operation. Place the driveshaft on a suitable workbench. Do not damage the tubes. 4. Remove the driveshaft slip yoke from the driveshaft in the following sequence. 1. Remove and discard the front driveshaft slip-yoke boot clamp. 2. Remove the driveshaft slip yoke from the driveshaft. 5. Remove the slip-yoke boot from the driveshaft. (cid:122) Inspect the boot for damage. Replace the boot as necessary. 6. Inspect the lubricant on the driveshaft splines and in the driveshaft slip yoke for contamination. If contaminated, inspect the driveshaft splines and the driveshaft slip yoke for wear. Install new components as necessary. Installation 1. Using a clean, dry lint free shop towel, thoroughly clean old grease from slip yoke splines. 2. Position the new small driveshaft slip-yoke boot clamp on the driveshaft stub shaft. 3. Slide the small opening end of the slip-yoke boot on the driveshaft stub shaft, as far as it will travel. 4. Using boot clamp pliers, crimp the driveshaft slip-yoke boot clamp. 5. NOTICE: The driveshaft and slip yoke have to be reassembled in the same phase as before disassembly. If the driveshaft and slip yoke aren't assembled in the same phase, a vibration can result. Install the driveshaft slip-yoke on the driveshaft. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE251008.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---