# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 1sur 4

**Page:** 200 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 1sur 4 SECTION 205-00: Driveline System —General Information 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual DESCRIPTION AND OPERATION Procedure revision date: 10/25/2013 Driveline System The driveline consists of the following: (cid:122) Front drive axle (cid:122) Rear drive axle (cid:122) Front axle halfshafts (cid:122) Front driveshaft (cid:122) Rear driveshaft (cid:122) Center support bearings (cid:122) CV joints (cid:122) U-joints and flanges (cid:122) Flex couplers The source of the drivetrain power is generated by the engine and delivered to the transmission. The driveline transfers the engine torque through the driveshaft to the axle. The rear driveshaft is connected to the output shaft of the transmission or transfer case and to the rear axle. The front driveshaft is connected to the transfer case and to the front axle. Slip yokes are used to allow for any changes to the length of the driveshaft. Changes in length are self-adjusted up in the driveshaft slip mechanism. The engine torque enters the axle through the drive pinion, which rotates the ring gear. The ring gear is mounted to the differential case, which contains the gears that transmit power to the rear axle shafts or front halfshafts. These shafts and halfshafts rotate the drive wheels. The Electronic Locking Differential (ELD) rear axle assembly, except for the differential case and its internal components, is identical to the conventional rear axle. The ELD employs an electronically operated magnetic coil to engage the unit. The Traction-Lok rear axle assembly, except for the differential case and its internal components, is identical to the conventional rear axle. The Traction-Lok employs 2 multi-disc differential clutch packs to control differential action. The mounting distance of the differential side gear is controlled by plates on each side, friction and steel. Also included is a steel selective shim to control the position of the differential side gear, and a spring which provides initial preload to the clutch pack. The steel clutch plates are splined to the axle shafts. The friction plates are contained in the case by matching slots, thus providing continuous engagement of the differential clutch packs. The Torsen® front differential case houses the parallel axis planetary helical side gears to which the axle shafts are splined. The engine angle is built into the engine mounts. If the engine angle is out of specification, the engine mounts must be inspected for damage. Vehicle Certification (VC) Label Example file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE250002.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---