# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 5sur 6

**Page:** 324 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 5sur 6 6. NOTICE: Install a new pinion nut with the same color as the original if not replacing the collapsible spacer. If a new collapsible spacer is installed, install the nut in the kit or damage to the component may occur. Position the new pinion nut. 8.8-In Drive Pinion Nut Part Number Color Description Application 389546-S100 Orange Axles built before 7/16/07 4320 Purple Axles built after 7/16/07 4C121 Purple Kit with spacer for all 223.52 mm (8.8 in) axles 7. NOTICE: Under no circumstances is the pinion nut to be backed off to reduce drive pinion bearing preload. If reduced drive pinion bearing preload is required, a new drive pinion collapsible spacer and pinion nut must be installed or damage to the component may occur. NOTICE: The color on the rear face of the drive pinion nut is critical to this repair. Use the same color new drive pinion nut for installation. If a new collapsible spacer must be installed for pinion bearing preload reduction, install the nut supplied with the new spacer or damage to the component may occur. NOTE: Remove the Drive Pinion Flange Holding Fixture while taking drive pinion bearing preload readings with the Nm (lb-in) torque wrench. Using the Drive Pinion Flange Holding Fixture to hold the pinion flange, tighten the pinion nut. (cid:122) Rotate the drive pinion occasionally to make sure the drive pinion bearings are seating correctly. (cid:122) Install a Nm (lb-in) torque wrench on the pinion nut. (cid:122) Rotating the drive pinion through several revolutions, take frequent drive pinion bearing preload readings until the original recorded drive pinion bearing preload reading is obtained. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE252A07.HTM~gen~ref.H... 2014-03-01

---