# General
**Page:** 801 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 50sur 58 (cid:122) Is any voltage present? P11 CHECK RCM TERMINATING RESISTOR (cid:122) Ignition OFF. Yes (cid:122) Depower the SRS . Refer to Supplemental Restraint GO to P12 . System (SRS) Depowering and Repowering in Section 501-20B . No (cid:122) Prior to reconnecting any previously disconnected SRS INSTALL a new RCM . REFER to component: Section 501-20B . CLEAR all (cid:132) inspect connector(s) (including any in-line CMDTCs . PERFORM a road test. connectors) for pushed-out, loose or spread REPEAT the self test. If the concern terminals and loose or frayed wire connections at is still present, GO to P14 . If other terminals. DTCs are present, REFER to the (cid:132) inspect wire harness for any damage, pinched, appropriate DTC chart. cut or pierced wires. (cid:132) inspect RCM C310A and C310B Connector Position Assurance (CPA) lever/lock for correct operation. Refer to RCM in Section 501-20B . (cid:132) repair any concerns found. Refer to Wiring Diagrams Cell 5 , Connector Repair Procedures for schematic and connector information. (cid:122) Connect: RCM C310A and C310B . (cid:122) Measure the resistance between ABS module C135-37, circuit VCA23 (BU/WH), harness side and C135-24, circuit VCA24 (GN/OG), harness side. (cid:122) Is the resistance between 108 and 132 ohms? P12 CHECK THE RCM INSTALLATION AND MOUNTING SURFACE (cid:122) Ignition OFF. Yes (cid:122) If not previously directed to do so, depower the GO to P13 . Supplemental Restraint System (SRS). Refer to file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE269003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
