# PINPOINT TEST E: DTCs C1222, C1296, C1297, C1298 AND C1299

**Page:** 776 | **Type:** text

PINPOINT TEST E: DTCs C1222, C1296, C1297, C1298 AND C1299 NOTICE: Use the correct probe adapter(s) when making measurements. Failure to use the correct probe adapter(s) may damage the connector. NOTE: If the ignition is turned to ON when one or more wheel speed sensors are disconnected, the ABS module disables the output to that sensor. Make sure all test connectors are made at the sensor before turning the ignition to ON. Test Step Result / Action to Take E1 CHECK THE ABS MODULE DTCs (cid:122) Review the ABS module DTCs retrieved and recorded Yes during Inspection and Verification. GO to Pinpoint Test D . (cid:122) Is DTC C1145, C1155, C1165 or C1175 also present? No GO to E2 . E2 MONITOR THE WHEEL SPEED SENSOR PIDs (cid:122) Connect the scan tool. Yes (cid:122) Ignition ON. CLEAR the DTCs. DRIVE the vehicle. (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan tool: REPEAT the self-test. RETRIEVE and DataLogger —ABS Module . RECORD any ABS module DTCs. (cid:122) While driving the vehicle at the speed at which the concern occurred, monitor the following PIDs: If DTC C1296, C1297, C1298 or C1299 (cid:132) Left Front Wheel Speed Sensor (LF_WSPD) returns, GO to E11 . (cid:132) Right Front Wheel Speed Sensor (RF_WSPD) (cid:132) Left Rear Wheel Speed Sensor (LR_WSPD) If DTC C1222 is present, GO to E10 . (cid:132) Right Rear Wheel Speed Sensor (RR_WSPD) (cid:122) Are the wheel speed sensor PIDs consistent with For all other ABS module DTCs, GO to the vehicle speed and each other? the ABS Module DTC Chart. If no DTCs return, INSPECT the ABS module and wheel speed sensor connectors for corrosion, pushed-out pins, or damaged pins and REPAIR if necessary. If all connectors are OK, GO to E7 . file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE269003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---