# General
**Page:** 750 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 3sur 4 aids in reducing the cornering forces and, therefore, the total roll momentum acting on the vehicle. When the RSC® system activates, the vehicle produces the same noticeable symptoms as it does when the AdvanceTrac® system activates. Trailer Sway Control Trailer sway control is a unique function in the AdvanceTrac® with RSC® system that recognizes and aids in reducing trailer sway. The trailer sway control function continually monitors the steering wheel rotation and yaw rate sensors to identify specific, increasing yaw oscillations that occur during a trailer sway event. If the trailer sway event exceeds programmed parameters, the ABS module and the HCU modulate brake fluid pressure to specific brake caliper(s) and the PCM modulates engine torque until the trailer sway is reduced below the programmed parameters. For vehicles equipped with an optional TBC module, the trailer sway control system utilizes the module to apply the trailer brakes to quickly reduce trailer sway. When the trailer sway control function activates, the vehicle produces the same noticeable symptoms as it does when the AdvanceTrac® system activates. In addition, the message center displays TRAILER SWAY, REDUCE SPEED and, if the vehicle is equipped with a TBC module, the module shows output to the trailer brakes. The trailer sway control function only activates when the vehicle speed exceeds 64 km/h (40 mph). The system can be disabled during any key cycle. Refer to the Owner's Literature for information on disabling the system. The system is re-enabled when the ignition is turned to the OFF position and back to the RUN position. MyKey® Interaction Through the MyKey® feature, the traction control function of the AdvanceTrac® system can be configured to be always on or to allow the driver to select the traction control function on or off. When the traction control function is configured to be always on and a MyKey® restricted key is in use, the IPC will ignore any requests made by the driver to disable the traction control function and will not send any traction control disable messages to the ABS module. Refer to the Owner's Literature for additional information on the MyKey® feature and settings. Hill Start Assist The hill start assist system is designed to assist the driver during hill-starts. Using the ABS, the hill start assist system holds the vehicle on an incline for a short time, allowing the driver to release the brake pedal and press the accelerator pedal without needing to use the parking brake. Hill Descent Control™ Hill Descent Control™ maintains vehicle speed on a downhill grade, operating at speeds between 3 km/h (2 mph) and 32 km/h (20 mph). If the vehicle is on flat or uphill terrain, the system goes into standby mode, file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE269002.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
