# General
**Page:** 802 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

pinpoint test. (s)/Connector(s) . (cid:122) Repower the SRS . Do not prove out the SRS at this time. Refer to Supplemental Restraint System (SRS) Depowering and Repowering in Section 501-20B . (cid:122) Perform a road test. (cid:122) Ignition ON. (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan tool: Self Test —ABS Module . (cid:122) Is the concern still present? P14 CHECK THE ABS MODULE FOR CORRECT OPERATION (cid:122) Depower the SRS . Refer to Supplemental Restraint Yes System (SRS) Depowering and Repowering in Section INSTALL a new ABS module. REFER 501-20B . to Anti-Lock Brake System (ABS) (cid:122) Prior to reconnecting any previously disconnected SRS Module in this section. component: (cid:132) inspect connector(s) (including any in-line No connectors) for pushed-out, loose or spread The system is operating correctly at terminals and loose or frayed wire connections at this time. The concern may have terminals. been caused by a loose or corroded (cid:132) inspect wire harness for any damage, pinched, connector. cut or pierced wires. (cid:132) inspect RCM C310A and C310B CPA lever/lock for correct operation. Refer to RCM in Section 501-20B . (cid:132) inspect ABS module C135 for dirt, corrosion, water intrusion, pushed-out, loose or spread terminals and loose or frayed wire connections at terminals. (cid:132) repair any concerns found. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE269003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
