# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 1sur 24

**Page:** 827 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 1sur 24 SECTION 206-10: Auxiliary Brake System 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual DIAGNOSIS AND TESTING Procedure revision date: 10/25/2013 Auxiliary Brake System — Trailer Brake Control (TBC) Module Special Tool(s) Flex Probe Kit NUD105-R025D or equivalent Fluke 77-IV Digital Multimeter FLU77-4 or equivalent Vehicle Communication Module (VCM) and Integrated Diagnostic System (IDS) software with appropriate hardware, or equivalent scan tool 7-Way Trailer Emulator TEK-6562A or equivalent Principles of Operation NOTE: A trailer brake emulator tool is available to verify that the Trailer Brake Control (TBC) module and vehicle wiring are functioning correctly. The trailer emulator requires the trailer tow connector ground and 12 volt trailer tow charge circuit to be connected in order to check the electric brake circuit. Battery Junction Box (BJB) fuse 21 (30A) and the Trailer Tow/Battery Charge Relay must be installed for battery voltage to be supplied to the trailer tow connector. The fuse and relay are supplied as loose-shipped items with the vehicle and may not have been installed during Pre-Delivery Inspection (PDI). The Trailer Brake Control (TBC) module is an integrated electronic control device designed to provide variable braking power to the electric-actuated drum brakes on a towed trailer (1 to 4 axles only). The braking energy provided to the trailer is varied with a Pulse Width Modulated (PWM) signal that switches between 0 volts and battery voltage, the higher the duty cycle the more braking power available. The TBC module receives information from the stoplamp switch and the PCM. The brake pressure transducer is internal to the ABS module. The stoplamp switch is mounted on the brake pedal bracket and switches on or off depending on the brake file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE26A002.HTM~gen~ref.H... 2014-03-01

---