# General
**Page:** 709 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 5sur 16 No REPAIR the affected circuit (s). CLEAR the DTCs. REPEAT the self-test. TEST the system for normal operation. (cid:122) Are the resistances greater than 10,000 ohms? A7 CHECK THE ADJUSTABLE PEDALS MOTOR CIRCUITS FOR A SHORT TO VOLTAGE (cid:122) Ignition ON. Yes (cid:122) Measure the voltage between ground and: REPAIR the affected circuit (cid:132) SCCM C2414B-4, circuit CPP01 (WH/OG), harness side. (s). CLEAR the DTCs. (cid:132) SCCM C2414B-7, circuit CPP02 (BN), harness side. REPEAT the self-test. TEST the system for normal operation. No GO to A8 . (cid:122) Is any voltage present? A8 CHECK FOR SCCM OUTPUT (cid:122) Ignition OFF. Yes (cid:122) Connect: SCCM C2414A and C2414B. GO to A9 . (cid:122) NOTICE: The following step uses a test light to simulate normal circuit loads. Use only the test light recommended in No the Special Tools table at the beginning of this section. To GO to A10 . avoid connector terminal damage, use the Flex Probe Kit for the test light probe connection to the vehicle. Do not use the test light probe directly on any connector. (cid:122) NOTE: When the adjustable pedals electrical connector is disconnected, the SCCM only supplies voltage to the adjustable pedals motor in 1 second intervals due to the open on the Hall- effect sensor circuits. (cid:122) Vehicles with memory, connect the test light as follows: (cid:132) Connect one lead on the test light to C2159-1, circuit CPP02 (BN), harness side. (cid:132) Connect the other lead on the test light to C2159-2, circuit CPP01 (WH/OG), harness side. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE266007.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
