# General
**Page:** 9 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 9sur 11 upper ball joint. 4. NOTICE: Do not use any tools or equipment to move the wheel and tire assembly or suspension components while checking for relative movement. Suspension damage can occur. The use of tools or equipment will also create relative movement that may not exist when using hand force. Relative movement must be measured using hand force only. NOTE: The weight of the wheel and tire assembly must be overcome to obtain an accurate measurement on the dial indicator. Inspect the ball joint for relative movement by alternately pulling downward and pushing upward on the wheel and tire assembly by hand. Note any relative vertical movement between the wheel knuckle and lower arm at the lower ball joint. (cid:122) If relative movement is not felt or seen, the ball joint is OK. Do not install a new ball joint. (cid:122) If relative movement is found, continue with Step 5. 5. NOTE: In order to obtain an accurate measurement, the dial indicator should be aligned as close as possible with the vertical axis (center line) of the ball joint. To measure ball joint deflection, attach a suitable dial indicator with a flexible arm between the lower control arm and the wheel knuckle or ball joint stud. 6. Measure the ball joint deflection while an assistant pushes up and pulls down on the wheel and tire assembly, by hand. (cid:122) If the deflection exceeds the specification, a new ball joint must be installed. Refer to Section 204-01A for RWD vehicles and Section 204-01B for 4WD vehicles. (cid:122) If the deflection meets or is below the specification, continue with the procedure. 7. NOTICE: Do not use any tools or equipment to move the wheel and tire assembly or suspension components while checking for relative movement. Suspension damage can file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE240003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
