# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 1sur 3

**Page:** 222 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 1sur 3 SECTION 205-00: Driveline System —General Information 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual GENERAL PROCEDURES Procedure revision date: 10/25/2013 Driveline Angle Adjustment NOTE: Some vehicles may exhibit a drive-away shudder or vibration under moderate to heavy acceleration from a stop, especially when heavily loaded or when towing a trailer. It is important to confirm how the vehicle is driven the majority of the time (loaded or unloaded), as adjusting the driveline angle in one condition (loaded or unloaded) may result in a shudder or vibration with the vehicle in the opposite condition (loaded or unloaded). NOTE: Verify suspension is not modified from the original configuration. Aftermarket leveling kits and rear leaf spring shackle kits change ride height, which affects pinion angle and other critical driveline related operating angles. Vehicle must be at Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) specifications before accurate evaluation and diagnosis can be performed. NOTE: The driveline angle must be measured with the vehicle in the same condition as the concern (loaded or unloaded) to determine the amount of adjustment necessary to correct the condition. 1. Measure the driveline angle. For additional information, refer to Driveline Angle Measurement in this section. (cid:122) If the driveline does not have an optimum 3.5 degree operating range, proceed to the following adjustment steps using the parts listed in the table below. Part Number Part Name 5A313 1 degree pinion angle shim 5A313 2 degree pinion angle shim 00812 Upper u-bolt center plate bolt (4 required) 5705 U-bolt (4 required) W520215 U-bolt nut (8 required) W713078 Center bearing support bolt W713649 Center bearing support nut 4A209 Center bearing support shim 506545 Shock absorber lower bolt W520214 Shock absorber lower nut NOTE: The driveline angle on these vehicles can be changed by adding 1 degree or 2 degree pinion angle shims. 2. Remove and discard the shock absorber lower nut and bolt. 3. NOTE: To change the pinion angle. Using a suitable jack to support the rear axle, remove and discard the 8 u-bolt nuts and the 4 u-bolts. For additional information, refer to Section 204-02 . 4. NOTE: Replace one bolt at time. Replace the upper u-bolt center plate bolts. For additional information, refer to Section 204-02 . file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE250005.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---