# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 2sur 3

**Page:** 143 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 2sur 3 increased risk of loss of vehicle control, vehicle rollover, personal injury and death. Additionally, the use of non-recommended tires and wheels could cause steering, suspension, axle or transfer case/power transfer unit failure. NOTICE: Do not clean aluminum wheels with steel wool, abrasive-type cleaners or strong detergents. Damage to the wheel finish may occur. Use Wheel and Tire Cleaner ZC-37-A or -B or equivalent. Factory-installed tires and wheels are designed to operate satisfactorily with loads up to and including full- rated load capacity when inflated to recommended inflation pressures. Correct tire pressure and driving techniques have an important influence on tire life. Heavy cornering, excessively rapid acceleration and unnecessary sharp braking increase tire wear. To equalize tire wear, the tires should be rotated at recommended intervals. Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) The Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) includes: (cid:122) the Body Control Module (BCM), located behind the passenger side kick panel. (cid:122) the Tire Pressure Monitor (TPM) module, located behind the instrument panel on the RH side near the glove box. (cid:122) four valve stem mounted tire pressure sensors. (cid:122) an Instrument Panel Cluster (IPC) warning indicator. (cid:122) message center warnings. Tire Pressure Monitor (TPM) Module The TPM module is a radio receiver that collects the tire pressure data from the TPMS tire pressure sensors. The TPM module passes the tire pressure data to the BCM , where the BCM applies a predetermined pass/fail criteria. The BCM compares the information of each tire pressure message against a pressure limit. If the BCM determines that the tire pressure has fallen below the minimum pressure, the BCM communicates this to the IPC on the vehicle communication network. Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) Pressure Sensor The BCM uses tire pressure sensors to monitor the tire pressure in the 4 road tires. The sensors transmit radio frequency signals to the BCM approximately once every 60 seconds when the vehicle speed exceeds 32 km/h (20 mph). The tire pressure sensors are battery operated and mounted to the valve stem. Instrument Panel Cluster (IPC) and Message Center The IPC illuminates the TPMS warning indicator when it receives a TPMS warning indicator on request from file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE244002.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---