# General
**Page:** 802 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 51sur 58 Supplemental Restraint System (SRS) Depowering and No Repowering in Section 501-20B . REPAIR or INSTALL new as (cid:122) Inspect the Restraints Control Module (RCM) necessary. REPOWER the SRS . installation and make sure that the fasteners are fully REFER to Supplemental Restraint seated and tightened correctly. Refer to RCM in Section System (SRS) Depowering and 501-20B . Repowering in Section 501-20B . (cid:122) Inspect the mounting surface for damage, corrosion or CLEAR all CMDTCs . PERFORM a foreign material. road test. REPEAT the self test. (cid:122) Is the RCM installed correctly and is the mounting surface clean and free from damage? P13 CHECK FOR AN INTERMITTENT FAULT (cid:122) Disconnect: RCM C310A and C310B . Yes (cid:122) Disconnect: ABS module C135 . INSTALL a new RCM . REFER to (cid:132) inspect connector(s) (including any in-line Section 501-20B . CLEAR all connectors) for corrosion, loose or spread CMDTCs . PERFORM a road test. terminals and loose or frayed wire connections at REPEAT the self test. If the concern terminals. is still present, GO to P14 . If other (cid:132) inspect wire harness for any damage, pinched, DTCs are present, REFER to the cut or pierced wires. appropriate DTC chart. (cid:132) repair any concerns found. No The fault is not present and cannot be Refer to Wiring Diagrams Cell 5 , Connector Repair Procedures for schematic and connector recreated at this time. Do not install information. any new SRS components at this time. SRS components should only be installed when directed to do so (cid:122) Connect: All Previously Disconnected Component in the

---
