# General
**Page:** 851 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 1sur 2 SECTION 206-10: Auxiliary Brake System 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual REMOVAL AND INSTALLATION Procedure revision date: 10/25/2013 Trailer Brake Control (TBC) Module Item Part Number Description 1 W707628 Trailer Brake Control (TBC) module bolt (2 required) 2 — TBC module electrical connector (part of 14401) 3 2C006 TBC module Removal and Installation NOTE: The trailer brake system is normally installed at the assembly plant, however, the system can be installed at the dealership but only if the vehicle is equipped with the trailer tow option. This option can be confirmed by verifying the presence of both the 4-pin and the 7-pin connectors at the rear of the vehicle as well as a receiver hitch. If the vehicle is not equipped with these 3 items, then it is not equipped with trailer tow and cannot have the factory Trailer Brake Control (TBC) system installed. On those vehicles equipped with the trailer tow option, the electrical connector for the TBC module is attached to the 14401 harness behind the steering column opening trim panel. If the system is installed at the dealership, the TBC module will be installed in place of the coin bin/storage tray and the Instrument Panel Cluster (IPC) must be configured to communicate with the TBC module. Refer to the Wiring Diagrams manual, Cell 95 Trailer/Camper Adapter and Cell 151 Component Location Views for connector and wiring information. Refer to Programmable Parameters in the Diagnosis and Testing portion of this section for information on IPC configuration. 1. Remove the LH center instrument panel trim panel. For additional information, refer to Center Instrument Panel Trim Panel in Section 501-12 . file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE26A003.HTM~gen~ref.H... 2014-03-01

---
