# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 7sur 19

**Page:** 159 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 7sur 19 4. NOTE: Make sure to use the latest scan tool software release. If the cause is not visually evident, connect the scan tool to the Data Link Connector (DLC). 5. NOTE: The Vehicle Communication Module (VCM) LED prove-out confirms power and ground from the DLC are provided to the VCM . If the scan tool does not communicate with the VCM : (cid:122) check the VCM connection to the vehicle. (cid:122) check the scan tool connection to the VCM . (cid:122) refer to Section 418-00 , No Power To The Scan Tool, to diagnose no power to the scan tool. 6. If the scan tool does not communicate with the vehicle: (cid:122) verify the ignition key is in the ON position. (cid:122) verify the scan tool operation with a known good vehicle. (cid:122) refer to Section 418-00 , The PCM Does Not Respond To the Scan Tool, to diagnose no response from the PCM. 7. Carry out the network test. (cid:122) If the scan tool responds with no communication for one or more modules, refer to Section 418-00 . (cid:122) If the network test passes, retrieve and record Continuous Memory Diagnostic Trouble Codes (CMDTCs). 8. Clear the CMDTCs and carry out the self-test diagnostics for the BCM and the TPM module. 9. If the DTCs retrieved are related to the concern, go to the BCM DTC Chart or the TPM Module DTC Chart. For all other DTCs, refer to the Diagnostic Trouble Code (DTC) Chart in Section 419-10 . 10. If no DTCs related to the concern are retrieved, GO to Symptom Chart . DTC Charts Body Control Module (BCM) DTC Chart DTC Description Action B1182:00 Tire Pressure Monitoring GO to Pinpoint Test F . System (TPMS): No Sub Type Information B1182:55 Tire Pressure Monitoring This DTC is only present when a new BCM is installed, the System (TPMS): Not BCM is flashed or is reconfigured. TRAIN the tire pressure Configured sensors. REFER to Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) Sensor Training in this section. B124D:02 Tire Pressure Sensor: General NOTE: If the vehicle has been stationary for more than 30 Signal Failure minutes, the sensors go into sleep mode to conserve battery power. It may be necessary to wake them up so they transmit the latest tire pressure information to the TPM module. ACTIVATE the TPMS sensors. REFER to Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) Sensor Activation in this section. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE244004.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---