# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 3sur 3

**Page:** 629 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 3sur 3 Brake Master Cylinder NOTE: During normal operation of the brake master cylinder, the returning brake fluid creates a slight turbulence in the master cylinder reservoir. This is a normal condition and indicates that the compensator ports are not clogged. Clogged compensator ports may cause the brakes to hang up or not fully release. The net fluid level (such as after brake application and release) will remain unchanged. Fluid level will decrease with pad wear. NOTE: A trace of brake fluid will exist on the booster shell below the master cylinder mounting flange. This results from the normal lubricating action of the master cylinder bore and seal. 1. Inspect the brake master cylinder for fluid leaks. (cid:122) Install a new master cylinder or brake fluid reservoir if signs of excessive leaking are present. For additional information, refer to Section 206-06 . (cid:122) To check for correct brake master cylinder operation, refer to Component Tests in this section. Brake Booster 1. Inspect the brake booster for excessive corrosion or damage. Inspect the vacuum hoses for leaks and kinks. (cid:122) Install a new brake booster if signs of excessive corrosion or damage is found. For additional information, refer to Section 206-07 . (cid:122) Repair or replace vacuum hoses as necessary. (cid:122) To check for correct brake booster operation, refer to Component Tests in this section. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE260008.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---