# General
**Page:** 753 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 2sur 58 sensors and their circuits by sending voltage through the sensor and checking for the voltage to return. When the vehicle is traveling at speeds above 21 km/h (13 mph) and the brake pedal is not being pressed, the HCU pump motor is commanded on for approximately 0.5 second to check pump motor operation. Also, during all phases of operation while the vehicle is in motion, the ABS module checks for correct operation of the wheel speed sensors by comparing wheel speed input to other sensor input. Depending on the nature of the malfunction detected, the ABS module deactivates the anti-lock control system and sends a message over the HS-CAN to the IPC . When the IPC receives this message, it illuminates the yellow ABS warning indicator and the stability/traction control indicator (sliding car icon). Electronic Brake Distribution (EBD) On initial application of the brake pedal, full pressure is applied to the rear brakes. The ABS module then uses wheel speed input to calculate an estimated rate of deceleration. Once vehicle deceleration exceeds a predetermined threshold, the ABS module commands the HCU to close the appropriate isolation valves to hold the rear brake pressure constant while allowing the front brake pressure to build. This creates a balanced braking condition between the front and rear wheels and minimizes the chance of rear wheel lockup during hard braking. As the vehicle decelerates, the valves are opened to increase the rear brake pressure in proportion to the front brake pressure. If ABS is disabled due to DTCs being present in the ABS module, EBD continues to function unless the DTCs are for wheel speed sensors or the HCU . When EBD is disabled, the red brake warning light, the ABS warning indicator and the stability/traction control indicator (sliding car icon) illuminate. Supplemental Braking Assist The ABS module uses the HCU and hydraulic pump motor to aid in bringing the vehicle to a safe, controlled stop in the event of severe vacuum loss at the brake booster. The ABS module continually monitors the vacuum in the brake booster through the use of a vacuum sensor. When the vacuum sensor indicates vacuum is below a predetermined level, a DTC is set in the ABS module. If this occurs during a braking event or if the driver attempts to stop the vehicle with a low vacuum condition in the brake booster, the ABS module activates the hydraulic pump motor in the HCU to assist with vehicle braking. Traction Control Function The ABS module continuously monitors and compares the rotational speed of the drive wheels in relation to the non-driven wheels. When the drive wheels begin to spin faster than the non-driven wheels, the ABS module commands the HCU to modulate brake pressure to the appropriate brake caliper. This is accomplished by opening and closing the appropriate solenoid valves inside of the HCU while the hydraulic pump motor is activated. At the same time, the ABS module sends a message over the HS-CAN that a traction control event is taking place. When the IPC receives this message, it flashes the stability/traction control indicator (sliding car icon). If the event is severe enough, the ABS module sends a message to the PCM over the HS-CAN to assist with traction control. When the PCM receives this message, it adjusts engine timing and decreases fuel injector pulses. Once the affected wheel returns to normal speed, the ABS module returns the solenoid valves in the HCU to their normal position, deactivates the hydraulic pump motor and sends another message over the HS-CAN indicating that the traction event has ended. The PCM returns engine timing and fuel injectors to normal operation and the IPC turns off the sliding car icon. Once vehicle speed reaches or exceeds 144 km/h (89 mph), traction control is accomplished only through PCM intervention. Certain DTCs in the ABS module disable the traction control system. Depending on the DTCs present, the file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE269003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
