# General
**Page:** 799 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 48sur 58 P4 CHECK THE ABS MODULE LATERAL ACCELERATION (LAT_ACCL_2) PID (cid:122) NOTE: The vehicle must be on level ground and at a Yes complete standstill. Any vehicle movement results in GO to P5 . false values for this test. (cid:122) Monitor the LAT_ACCL_2 PID. No (cid:122) Is the LAT_ACCL_2 PID value between -0.125g and GO to P12 . 0.125g? P5 CHECK THE ABS MODULE LONGITUDINAL ACCELERATION (LONG_ACCL) PID (cid:122) NOTE: The vehicle must be on level ground and at a Yes complete standstill. Any vehicle movement results in GO to P6 . false values for this test. (cid:122) Monitor the LONG_ACCL PID. No (cid:122) Is the LONG_ACCL PID value between -0.15g and GO to P12 . 0.15g? P6 CHECK THE ABS MODULE ROLL RATE (ROLLRAT) PID Yes NOTE: The vehicle must be on level ground and at a GO to P7 . complete standstill. Any vehicle movement results in false values for this test. No (cid:122) Monitor the ROLLRAT PID. GO to P12 . (cid:122) Is the ROLLRAT PID value between -3.5 and 3.5? P7 CHECK THE DEDICATED CAN CIRCUITS FOR AN OPEN (cid:122) Ignition OFF. Yes (cid:122) Depower the SRS . Refer to Supplemental Restraint GO to P8 . System (SRS) Depowering and Repowering in Section 501-20B . No (cid:122) Disconnect: ABS Module C135 . REPAIR the affected circuit(s). (cid:122) Disconnect: RCM C310A and C310B . REPOWER the SRS . REFER to (cid:122) Measure the resistance between the ABS module Supplemental Restraint System C135, harness side and the RCM C310B, harness side (SRS) Depowering and Repowering as indicated in the following chart: in Section 501-20B . CLEAR all CMDTCs. PERFORM a road test. REPEAT the self-test. ABS Module Circuit RCM C135-37 VCA23 (BU/WH) C310B-20 C135-24 VCA24 (GN/OG) C310B-19 (cid:122) Are the resistances less than 5 ohms? file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE269003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
