# General
**Page:** 165 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 13sur 19 the BCM , DTC B1182:00 sets and the message center displays TIRE PRESSURE MONITOR FAULT. It should be noted that TPMS sensor communication to the TPM module can be interrupted by radio frequency noise, which can cause intermittent issues that are not vehicle concerns. Radio frequency noise is generated by electrical motors and appliance operation, cellular telephones, remote transmitters, power inverters and portable entertainment equipment. Anytime the TPMS sensor training procedure is performed successfully, the warning indicator is extinguished and the vehicle must be driven for 18-20 minutes before the TPM module sets a fault. (cid:122) DTC B1182:00 (Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS): No Sub Type Information) —set by the BCM when all 4 of the tire pressure sensors are faulted, not responding or not heard by the TPM module. (cid:122) DTC B124D:02 (Tire Pressure Sensor: General Signal Failure) —set by the BCM when 1, 2 or 3 of the tire pressure sensors are faulted, not responding or not heard by the TPM module. (cid:122) TPMS_STAT PID = SENSOR FAULT —when the BCM does not receive the tire pressure status for 1 to 3 TPMS sensors from the TPM module for 20 minutes with vehicle speed above 32 km/h (20 mph). (cid:122) TP_STAT PID = SYSTEM FAULT when the BCM does not receive a signal transmission from all 4 TPMS sensors from the TPM module for 20 minutes with vehicle speed above 32 km/h (20 mph). This

---
