# General
**Page:** 190 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 2sur 3 2. Cycle the ignition switch from the OFF position to the RUN position 3 times, ending in the RUN position. 3. Press and release the brake pedal. 4. Turn the ignition switch to the OFF position. 5. Turn the ignition switch from the OFF position to the RUN position 3 times, ending in the RUN position. (cid:122) The horn will sound once and the TPMS indicator will flash if the training mode has been entered successfully. If equipped, the message center will display TRAIN LF TIRE. 6. NOTE: It may take up to 6 seconds to activate a tire pressure sensor. During this time, the Tire Pressure Monitor Activation Tool must remain in place at the valve stem. Place the Tire Pressure Monitor Activation Tool on the LF tire sidewall at the valve stem. Press and release the test button on the Tire Pressure Monitor Activation Tool. The horn will sound briefly to indicate that the tire pressure sensor has been recognized by the BCM . 7. Within 2 minutes of the horn sounding, place the Tire Pressure Monitor Activation Tool on the RF tire sidewall at the valve stem and press and release the test button to train the RF tire pressure sensor. 8. NOTE: Do not wait more than 2 minutes between training each sensor or the BCM will time out and the entire procedure must be repeated. Repeat Step 7 for the RR and LR tires. The procedure is completed after the last tire has been trained. When the training procedure is complete, the message center (if equipped) will display TIRE TRAINING COMPLETE. For vehicles not equipped with a message center, successful completion of the training procedure will be verified by turning the ignition switch to the OFF position without the horn sounding. If the horn sounds twice when the switch is turned to the OFF position, the training procedure was not successful. 9. Using the scan tool, locate the updated TPMS sensor identifiers trained to the BCM and document them on the applicable warranty claim. 10. NOTE: This step is required to clear DTC C2780, cause the BCM to exit the manufacturing mode and to make sure there are no other concerns with a newly programmed BCM . If the sensors are being trained due to the installation of a new BCM , clear any DTCs and carry out the BCM On-Demand Self Test. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE244005.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
