# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 4sur 24

**Page:** 830 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 4sur 24 (cid:122) check the scan tool connection to the VCM . (cid:122) refer to Section 418-00 , No Power To The Scan Tool, to diagnose no power to the scan tool. 6. If the scan tool does not communicate with the vehicle: (cid:122) verify the ignition is ON. (cid:122) verify the scan tool operation with a known good vehicle. (cid:122) refer to Section 418-00 , The PCM Does Not Respond To The Scan Tool, to diagnose no response from the PCM. 7. Carry out the network test. (cid:122) If the scan tool responds with no communication for one or more modules, refer to Section 418-00 . (cid:122) If the network test passes, retrieve and record Continuous Memory Diagnostic Trouble Codes (CMDTCs). 8. Clear the CMDTCs and carry out the self-test diagnostics for the TBC module. 9. If the DTCs retrieved are related to the concern, go to the Trailer Brake Control (TBC) Module DTC Chart. For all other DTCs, refer to Section 419-10 . 10. If no DTCs related to the concern are retrieved, GO to Symptom Chart . DTC Chart Trailer Brake Control (TBC) Module DTC Chart DTC Description Action B1317 Battery Voltage High GO to Pinpoint Test D . B1318 Battery Voltage Low GO to Pinpoint Test E . B1342 ECU is Faulted INSPECT for a stuck or damaged manual sliding lever and gain control buttons. REPAIR or CLEAR any obstructions or foreign material. REPAIR all other DTCs before repairing B1342. CLEAR the DTCs. TEST the system for normal operation. NOTE: It takes 2 minutes for the Trailer Brake Control (TBC) module to set this DTC due to a stuck manual sliding lever or a stuck gain control button. If the DTC returns, INSTALL a new Trailer Brake Control (TBC) module. REFER to Trailer Brake Control (TBC) Module in this section. B1863 TBC Ground Open Circuit GO to Pinpoint Test F . C2806 Trailer Brakes Wiring Circuit GO to Pinpoint Test A . Short to Vbatt C2807 Trailer Brakes Wiring Circuit GO to Pinpoint Test A . Short to Ground U0100 Lost Communication With GO to Pinpoint Test G . ECM /PCM "B" file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE26A002.HTM~gen~ref.H... 2014-03-01

---