# General
**Page:** 713 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 9sur 16 (cid:122) Set a memory position in the RKE transmitter for the Yes driver seat, exterior mirrors and adjustable pedals. GO to B4 . Refer to Remote Memory Activation in Section 501-14 . (cid:122) Select PARK. No (cid:122) Press the unlock button on the RKE transmitter and If all 3 items do not move, REFER to observe the following items: Diagnosis and Testing in Section 501- (cid:132) Driver seat 14 to diagnose the RKE transmitter. (cid:132) Exterior mirrors (cid:132) Adjustable pedals If only the adjustable pedals do not (cid:122) Do all 3 items move when the button is pressed? move, GO to B4 . If only the driver seat does not move, REFER to Diagnosis and Testing in Section 501-10 . If only the exterior mirrors do not move, REFER to Diagnosis and Testing in Section 501-09 . B4 CHECK THE ADJUSTABLE PEDALS MOTOR AND CABLE INSTALLATION (cid:122) Check the adjustable pedals motor and cable for correct Yes installation. GO to B5 . (cid:122) Are the motor and cable correctly installed? No CORRECT the adjustable pedals motor installation. REFER to Section 310-02 . TEST the system for normal operation. B5 INSPECT FOR FOREIGN OBJECTS OR MATERIAL (cid:122) Inspect the adjustable brake pedal and accelerator Yes assemblies for foreign material causing a binding GO to B6 . condition. (cid:122) Are the pedal assemblies free from foreign No material? REMOVE the foreign material. TEST the system for normal operation. B6 CHECK FOR DSM OR BCM DTCs (cid:122) Ignition ON. Yes (cid:122) Connect the scan tool. If DTC U0140 is retrieved from the (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan tool: DSM , REFER to Section 501-10 to Self-Test —DSM . diagnose the lost communication (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan tool: concern. Self-Test —BCM . (cid:122) Record any DTCs retrieved from the DSM or the BCM . If DTC U0212:87 is retrieved from the (cid:122) Was DTC U0140 retrieved from the DSM or was DTC BCM , REFER to Section 419-10 to U0212:87 retrieved from the BCM ? diagnose the lost communication concern. No GO to B7 . B7 CHECK THE ADJUSTABLE PEDALS MOTOR AND HALL-EFFECT SENSOR CIRCUITS FOR AN OPEN (cid:122) Ignition OFF. Yes (cid:122) Disconnect: Adjustable Pedals Motor C2159. GO to B8 . (cid:122) Disconnect: SCCM C2414B. (cid:122) Measure the resistance between SCCM C2414B, No file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE266007.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
