# General
**Page:** 183 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 12sur 15 Match mounting is a technique used to reduce radial runout or Road Force® on wheel and tire assemblies. Excessive runout is a source of ride quality complaints and match mounting can be used to minimize the runout. Match mounting can be accomplished by changing the position of the tire on the wheel. 1. Position the wheel and tire assembly on a tire machine and put a reference mark on the tire sidewall at the valve stem position. Item Description 1 Valve stem 2 Reference mark 2. NOTICE: For tires equipped with a Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS), the sensor may be damaged by incorrect tire mounting or dismounting. Dismount the tire from the wheel as instructed in the Disassembly and Assembly procedure. Failure to follow these instructions may result in component damage. NOTE: Always make sure that the final high spot and measurement values are permanently marked on the inner sidewall of the tire for reference during future wheel and tire service. Using a suitable tire machine, separate the tire beads from the wheel. (cid:122) Lubricate the tire beads using a suitable fast drying, corrosion inhibiting tire bead lubricant. (cid:122) Position the tire 180 degrees (halfway around) on the rim so the valve stem reference mark is opposite the valve stem. 3. Reinflate the wheel and tire assembly to the specified air pressure and measure the assembly again using the dial indicator or Hunter Road Force® 9700 Series Wheel Balancer. Mark the second high spot on the tire. (cid:122) If the runout or Road Force® is reduced to within specifications, the concern has been resolved. Balance the assembly and install on the vehicle using the Wheel-to-Hub Optimization procedure. 4. If the second runout or Road Force® measurement is still not within specification and both high spots are close to each other (within 101.6 mm [4 in]), the root cause is probably the tire (the high spot followed the tire). (cid:122) To be sure the tire is causing the high runout, it is necessary to have 2 runout or Road Force® measurements that are not within specification and the high spots must be in approximately the same location on the tire's sidewall. If the tire is the cause, install a new tire, balance the assembly and install on the vehicle using the Wheel-to-Hub Optimization procedure. (cid:122) If the second high spot is not within 101.6 mm (4 in) of the first high spot, proceed to the next step. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE244003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
