# PINPOINT TEST A: THE PARKING BRAKE DOES NOT APPLY

**Page:** 676 | **Type:** text

PINPOINT TEST A: THE PARKING BRAKE DOES NOT APPLY Test Step Result / Action to Take A1 CHECK THE PARKING BRAKE CONTROL (cid:122) Press the parking brake control pedal. Yes (cid:122) Does the parking brake control pedal move? GO to A2 . No GO to A5 . A2 CHECK FOR BROKEN CABLES (cid:122) Have an assistant press and release the parking brake Yes pedal to help isolate disconnected cables or cables GO to A3 . that do not move. (cid:122) Inspect the following items for damage and correct No connections. CONNECT the cable(s) or INSTALL (cid:132) Front cable and conduit new parking brake component(s) as (cid:132) LH rear cable and conduit necessary. TEST the system for (cid:132) RH rear cable and conduit normal operation. (cid:132) Rear cable brackets (cid:122) Are the cables in good condition? A3 CHECK THE PARKING BRAKE SHOES, ACTUATOR LEVERS AND HARDWARE (cid:122) Remove the rear brake disc, refer to Section 206-04 . Yes Inspect the parking brake shoes, actuator levers and GO to A4 . hardware. (cid:122) Are the parking brake shoes, actuator levers and No hardware in good condition? INSTALL new components as necessary. REFER to Parking Brake Shoes in this section. TEST the system for normal operation. A4 CHECK THE PARKING BRAKE SHOE ADJUSTMENT (cid:122) Check the parking brake shoe adjustment. Refer to Yes Parking Brake Shoe Adjustment in this section. INSTALL a new parking brake control. (cid:122) Are the parking brake shoes adjusted to REFER to Parking Brake Control in this specification? section. TEST the system for normal operation. No ADJUST the rear parking brake shoes. REFER to Parking Brake Shoe Adjustment in this section. A5 ISOLATE THE PARKING BRAKE CONTROL AND FRONT PARKING BRAKE CABLE (cid:122) Disconnect the front parking brake cable from the RH Yes rear parking brake cable at the cable union. GO to A6 . No file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE265003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---