# General
**Page:** 157 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 5sur 19 If a sensor in a certain location has caused several events, yet the sensor trains and seems to operate normally, moving that particular wheel to a different location on the vehicle is a good way to isolate the issue to a certain sensor/wheel location. Rotate the wheels and road test the vehicle. This can be done in an attempt to replicate the issue. This determines if the issue followed the sensor or remained in the original sensor location. Training Sensors in a Different Order This is a technique to get past a left front sensor that may not be responding to determine if the remaining sensors train to the module. This can help save time determining if other sensors are having issues or if the module is experiencing training difficulties with a certain location. Training Known Good Sensors From Another Vehicle Training known good sensors from another vehicle cannot differentiate between a faulted module and Radio Frequency Interference (RFI), as some noise source could be preventing the TPM module from receiving the tire pressure status from the original sensors as well as the known good sensors. This technique can be used to differentiate between a sensor and module issue. If the TPM module cannot train any of the sensors on the same vehicle, and likewise cannot train known good sensors from another vehicle, then the issue is with the TPM module or RFI and not with the original sensors. The original sensors should not be replaced. Items That Cause RFI Non-OEM Equipment The following equipment has been found to sometimes cause RFI : (cid:122) Video equipment has been found to cause RFI especially when the video and power supply lines are near the TPMS . (cid:122) Car alarms (even those installed by dealerships) have been found to create enough RFI to cause the TPMS to malfunction or lose considerable range. These car alarms can sometimes be difficult to locate, as they are usually hidden somewhere out of the way for reduced accessibility. (cid:122) Many different in-vehicle cell phone chargers have been found to cause considerable RFI . The vehicles with the power point closest to the TPM module are the most affected. It must be noted that most cell phone chargers do not produce high levels of RFI all the time. This depends on the state of charge of the cell phone battery. The phone must be almost completely discharged in some cases. (cid:122) Power supplies and DC/AC inverters typically create a lot of RFI . Most consumer grade equipment has very little filtering or shielding. OEM Modules In some cases, the RFI may actually be caused by a module or ground on the vehicle. Depending on the severity of the issue, a dirty ground, improperly built ground shield or module can disable the system. Modules that have microcontrollers using clock circuits to create the timing pulses for the microprocessor may radiate RFI . Using Customer's Electronics to Pinpoint the Radio Frequency Interference (RFI) Source This can be a way to determine the cause of an issue well before the sensors and module are replaced with little or no affect on the system performance. Since this takes more up-front work, it relies on working with the customer to determine what equipment was being used at the time of the event. Options for Eliminating Intermittent TPMS Conditions Caused by RFI (cid:122) If an OEM component or customer device is causing an RFI issue, replace the device. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE244004.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
