# General
**Page:** 771 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 20sur 58 (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan the Rotunda Active Wheel Speed Sensor tool: Clear the Continuous DTCs . Tester is not available, GO to D4 . (cid:122) Drive the vehicle at least 16 km/h (10 mph). (cid:122) Retrieve the Continuous Memory Diagnostic Trouble No Codes (CMDTCs). INSPECT the wheel speed sensors and (cid:122) Is DTC C1145, C1155, C1165 or C1175 retrieved? wheel speed sensor wiring. REPAIR or INSTALL new as necessary. If any other DTCs are retrieved, GO to the ABS Module DTC Chart. D2 CHECK THE ABS MODULE OUTPUT USING THE ROTUNDA ACTIVE WHEEL SPEED SENSOR TESTER (cid:122) Ignition OFF. Yes (cid:122) Disconnect: Suspect Wheel Speed Sensor . GO to D3 . (cid:122) Connect the Rotunda Active Wheel Speed Sensor Tester to the wheel speed sensor connectors. No (cid:122) Select the correct system polarity on the tester and GO to D6 . turn the tester power switch to the ON position. (cid:122) Ignition ON. (cid:122) Is the module output LED illuminated? D3 CHECK THE WHEEL SPEED SENSOR OUTPUT WITH THE ROTUNDA ACTIVE WHEEL SPEED SENSOR TESTER (cid:122) Raise the suspect wheel until it can spin freely. Yes Refer to Section 100-02 . The system is operating correctly at this (cid:122) While monitoring the Rotunda Active Wheel Speed time. The concern may have been Sensor Tester, slowly spin the suspect wheel. caused by a loose or corroded connector. (cid:122) Do the sensor output LEDs illuminate and flash CLEAR the DTCs. REPEAT the self-test. and is the current overload LED not illuminated? No If the current overload level LED is not illuminated and the sensor output LEDs do not illuminate or if the current overload level LED is illuminated red, INSTALL a new wheel speed sensor. REFER to Wheel Speed Sensor —Front or Wheel Speed Sensor —Rear in this section. CLEAR the DTCs. REPEAT the self-test. If the current overload level LED is not illuminated and the sensor output LEDs illuminate green but do not flash, INSTALL a new wheel speed sensor. REFER to Wheel Speed Sensor —Front or Wheel Speed Sensor —Rear in this section. CLEAR the DTCs. REPEAT the self-test. If the outputs LEDs still do not flash when spinning the wheel, INSTALL a new wheel bearing magnetic strip or tone ring (rear). REFER to Section 204- 01A , Section 204-01B or Wheel Speed Sensor Ring —Rear in this section. D4 CHECK THE WHEEL SPEED SENSOR CIRCUITS FOR A SHORT TO VOLTAGE Yes NOTE: Check both circuits for each DTC. REPAIR the affected circuit(s). CLEAR (cid:122) Ignition OFF. the DTCs. REPEAT the self-test. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE269003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
