# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 14sur 19

**Page:** 166 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 14sur 19 BCM . (cid:122) Read and record the following No PIDs : If the TPMS_STAT PID displays SYSTEM FAULT, GO to (cid:132) Left Front Tire Transmitter F4 . Identifier (TPM_S_ID_LF) (cid:132) Right Front Tire Transmitter Identifier (TPM_S_ID_RF) (cid:132) Left Rear Tire Transmitter Identifier (TPM_S_ID_LRO) (cid:132) Right Rear Tire Transmitter Identifier (TPM_S_ID_RRO) (cid:122) Monitor the TPMS system status (TPMS_STAT) PID . (cid:122) Does the TPMS_STAT PID display SENSOR FAULT? F3 CARRY OUT THE SENSOR TRAINING PROCEDURE (SENSOR FAULT) (cid:122) Train all 4 tire pressure sensors. Yes Refer to Tire Pressure Monitoring Using the scan tool, LOCATE the updated TPMS sensor System (TPMS) Sensor Training in identifiers trained to the BCM module. COMPARE these this section. values to those recorded prior to the TPMS sensor (cid:122) Did all of the tire pressure training procedure. Disregarding sensor position, any sensors transmit correctly and sensor identifiers that do not match those retrieved from did the horn sound when each the module were changed, but not retrained. The sensors TPMS sensor transmitted to the are now trained to the vehicle, diagnosis is complete. TPM module? DOCUMENT all TPMS sensor identifiers on the applicable warranty claim. TEST the system for normal operation. No Before installing a new sensor(s) : If a sensor does not respond to the Tire Pressure Monitor Activation Tool, MOVE the vehicle to rotate the wheels at least one-fourth of a turn and ATTEMPT to activate the same sensor again. If the sensor still fails to train, ATTEMPT to train the sensor with the vehicle doors open. If the sensor(s) fails to train a second time, INSTALL a new TPMS sensor (s) for the sensor(s) in question. REFER to Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) Sensor in this section. F4 CARRY OUT THE SENSOR TRAINING PROCEDURE (SYSTEM FAULT) (cid:122) Train all 4 tire pressure sensors. Yes Refer to Tire Pressure Monitoring Using the scan tool, LOCATE the updated TPMS sensor System (TPMS) Sensor Training in identifiers trained to the BCM module. COMPARE these this section. values to those recorded prior to the Tire Pressure (cid:122) Did all of the tire pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) Sensor Training procedure. sensors transmit correctly and Disregarding sensor position, any sensor identifiers that did the horn sound when each do not match those retrieved from the module were TPMS sensor transmitted to the changed, but not retrained. The sensors are now trained TPM module? to the vehicle, diagnosis is complete. DOCUMENT all TPMS sensor identifiers on the applicable warranty claim. TEST the system for normal operation. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE244004.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---