# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 1sur 2

**Page:** 187 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 1sur 2 SECTION 204-04: Wheels and Tires 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual GENERAL PROCEDURES Procedure revision date: 10/25/2013 Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) Sensor Activation Special Tool(s) Activation Tool, Tire Pressure Monitor 204-363, or Customer Activation Tool, Tire Pressure Monitor NOTE: The tire pressure sensors will go into a "sleep mode" when a vehicle is stationary to conserve battery power. The sensors do not transmit information while in sleep mode. It will be necessary to wake them up so they will transmit the latest tire pressure information. 1. Turn the ignition switch to the ON position. 2. Position the Tire Pressure Monitor Activation Tool against the LF tire sidewall at the tire valve stem. 3. NOTE: The Tire Pressure Monitor Activation Tool will provide feedback in the form of a flashing green light and a beep sound for each successful response from a tire pressure sensor. This feedback may not always be present, do not rely on it as a confirmation that the module heard a particular sensor. NOTE: If a sensor does not respond to the Tire Pressure Monitor Activation Tool, move the vehicle to rotate the wheels at least one-fourth of a turn and attempt to activate the same sensor again. If the sensor still does not respond, attempt to activate the same sensor again using the customer activation tool (if available). If the sensor still fails to train, attempt to train the sensor with the vehicle doors open. Press the test button on the Tire Pressure Monitor Activation Tool to activate the sensor. Activate the sensor at least 2 times. 4. Repeat Steps 2 and 3 for the remaining tires. 5. If the Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) indicator remains illuminated after adjusting and activating each sensor, refer to the Symptom Chart in Diagnosis and Testing in this section. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE244006.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---