# General
**Page:** 628 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 2sur 3 (cid:122) If the diagnosis has revealed vibration in the steering wheel, seat or pedal while braking that varies with vehicle speed, machine the brake disc. Heavily scored brake discs, similar to that caused by pads worn down to the backing plate, should also be machined. In order to machine, discs must be above the minimum thickness specification. For additional information, refer to Specifications and Brake Disc Machining in this section. Brake Calipers 1. Inspect the brake calipers for leaks, damage to seals and piston corrosion or binding. (cid:122) If the brake caliper is leaking or otherwise damaged, install a new brake caliper. For additional information, refer to Section 206-03 for front brake calipers or Section 206-04 for rear brake calipers. Brake Caliper Guide Pins 1. The guide pins should slide with a reasonable amount of hand force. If the brake pads show taper wear or the guide pins are difficult to move, carry out the following steps. (cid:122) Disassemble the brake caliper guide pins and inspect the guide pins and guide pin bores for wear, damage and corrosion. If the bore is worn or damaged, replace the damaged component. (cid:122) Use a wire brush, rolled-up sandpaper or emery cloth to remove all corrosion and foreign material from the caliper guide pin bores. Clean any remaining foreign material from the bores with brake parts cleaner and compressed air. (cid:122) Assemble the caliper seals, boots and guide pins. Use an ample amount of the specified grease to lubricate the bores and guide pins. (cid:122) Inspect the brake pads. For additional information, refer to Brake Pads inspection in this section. Brake Flexible Hoses and Tubes NOTICE: Never use copper tubing. It is subject to fatigue, cracking and corrosion, which may result in brake tube failure. NOTE: Double-wall steel tubing is used throughout the brake hydraulic system. All brake tube fittings must be correctly double flared to provide strong, leakproof connections. When bending tubing to fit the underbody or rear axle contours, be careful not to kink or crack the tube. 1. Inspect brake tubes for corrosion, cracks, leaks or any other signs of damage. (cid:122) If a section of the brake tube is damaged, the entire section must be installed with a new tube of the same type, size, shape and length. (cid:122) When installing the hydraulic brake tubing, hoses or connectors, tighten all connections to specifications. After installation, bleed the brake system. For additional information, refer to Brake System Bleeding in this section. 2. Inspect the brake flexible hoses for cracks, leaks and swelling during brake application or any other signs of damage. (cid:122) Install a new brake flexible hose if the hose shows signs of softening, cracking or other damage. For additional information, refer to Section 206-03 for the front brake flexible hose or Section 206-04 for the rear brake flexible hose. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE260008.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
