# General
**Page:** 179 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 8sur 15 Radial Runout Radial runout is the egg-shaped deviation from a perfect circle and is measured perpendicular to the circumference. On a wheel and tire assembly, this means measuring the center tire tread rib. The center rib is indicative of the condition of the tire as a whole. Total runout is the difference between the maximum-to- minimum gauge reading. The high spot is the location of maximum runout. Item Description 1 High spot 2 Low spot Loaded Runout Measurement (Hunter Road Force® 9700 Series Wheel Balancer) NOTE: Diagnosis of tire/wheel vibration should not be performed on tires with less than 320 km (200 mi). Some initial tire/wheel vibration issues (such as flat spotting) correct themselves after the tires have been in service for 320 km (200 mi). This procedure is intended to assist with the diagnosis of wheel and tire assembly runout and/or force variation issues. The Hunter Road Force® 9700 Series Wheel Balancer measures the wheel and tire assembly's loaded runout and the tire's radial spring rate. The balancer then converts the runout into pounds of force (termed as Road Force®). Measuring loaded runout (Road Force®) is more effective than measuring unloaded runout using a dial indicator. 1. Using a tire crayon, record the vehicle position on the inner sidewall of all 4 tires. 2. Remove the wheel and tire assemblies. For additional information, refer to Wheel and Tire in this section. 3. NOTE: Use only the Digital Tire Pressure Gauge any time tire pressures are measured to be sure that accurate values are obtained. Make sure the tire pressures are set to the correct pressure as indicated on the Vehicle Certification (VC) label. 4. NOTICE: Make sure the correct wheel balancer adapters are used when mounting the assembly to the wheel balancer or damage to the wheel may occur. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE244003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
