# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 3sur 5

**Page:** 585 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 3sur 5 9 — Brake flexible hose retainer (part of 2078) 10 W611633 Brake flexible hose bracket bolt Removal and Installation NOTICE: Whenever a halfshaft is removed, install a new circlip and stub shaft pilot bearing seal or damage to the component may occur. 1. With the vehicle in NEUTRAL, position it on a hoist. For additional information, refer to Section 100- 02 . 2. Remove the dust cap. 3. Remove and discard the wheel hub nut. (cid:122) To install, tighten the new wheel hub nut to 40 Nm (30 lb-ft). 4. Remove the wheel speed sensor harness bracket bolt and position the wheel speed sensor harness aside. (cid:122) To install, tighten to 12 Nm (106 lb-in). 5. Detach the brake flexible hose retainer from the wheel speed sensor harness. 6. Remove the brake flexible hose bracket bolt and disconnect the brake flexible hose bracket from the wheel knuckle. (cid:122) To install, tighten to 30 Nm (22 lb-ft). 7. Remove the vacuum vent and apply tube at the vacuum vent and apply tube port of the Integrated Wheel End (IWE) disconnect. 8. Remove the 3 IWE bolts. (cid:122) To install, tighten to 12 Nm (106 lb-in). 9. Remove and discard the tie-rod end nut. (cid:122) Disconnect the tie-rod end from the wheel knuckle. (cid:122) To install, tighten the new tie-rod end nut to 115 Nm (85 lb-ft). 10. Remove and discard the upper ball joint nut. (cid:122) Disconnect the upper ball joint from the wheel knuckle. (cid:122) To install, tighten the new upper ball joint nut to 150 Nm (111 lb-ft). 11. NOTE: Do not damage the hub seal. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE254004.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---