# PINPOINT TEST R: THE STABILITY/TRACTION CONTROL SYSTEM IS INOPERATIVE OR CANNOT BE

**Page:** 805 | **Type:** text

PINPOINT TEST R: THE STABILITY/TRACTION CONTROL SYSTEM IS INOPERATIVE OR CANNOT BE DISABLED NOTICE: Use the correct probe adapter(s) when making measurements. Failure to use the correct probe adapter(s) may damage the connector. Test Step Result / Action to Take R1 VERIFY THAT THE KEY IN USE IS NOT MYKEY® RESTRICTED (cid:122) Ignition ON. Yes (cid:122) Attempt to disable the Electronic Stability Control (ESC) INFORM the customer that the key in system by pressing the stability/traction control switch. use is MyKey® restricted. If (cid:122) Is ADVTRAC ON MyKey® SETTING displayed in the necessary, REFER to the Owner's message center? Literature for information regarding the programming of MyKey® features. No GO to R2 . R2 CHECK FOR ABS MODULE DTCs (cid:122) Attempt to disable the ESC system by pressing the Yes stability/traction control switch. For DTC U0073, REFER to Section (cid:122) Connect the scan tool. 418-00 to diagnose the HS-CAN . For (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan tool: DTC U0155, GO to Pinpoint Test Q . Self Test —ABS Module . For DTC U0423, CARRY OUT a self- (cid:122) Is DTC U0073, U0155 or U0423 present? test of the IPC . REFER to Section 413-01 to diagnose the IPC concern. No GO to R3 . R3 ISOLATE THE STABILITY/TRACTION CONTROL SWITCH (cid:122) Ignition OFF. Yes (cid:122) Disconnect: Stability/Traction Control Switch C2355 . GO to R4 . (cid:122) Measure the resistance between stability/traction control switch pins 1 and 4, component side, while No pressing and releasing the switch. INSTALL a new stability/traction control switch. REFER to Stability/Traction Control Switch in this section. TEST the system for normal operation. (cid:122) Is the resistance less than 5 ohms with the switch pressed and greater than 10,000 ohms with the switch released? file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE269003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---