# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 10sur 24

**Page:** 836 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 10sur 24 (cid:122) Ignition ON. Yes (cid:122) Allow at least 10 seconds for all modules to wake up and REFER to Section 303-14 . prove out. (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan tool: Self No Test —PCM Key ON Engine OFF (KOEO) . GO to B2 . (cid:122) Retrieve and record any PCM DTCs. (cid:122) Are any PCM DTCs retrieved? B2 CHECK FOR ANY ABS MODULE DTCs (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan tool: Self Yes Test —ABS Module . REFER to Section 206-09 . (cid:122) Retrieve and record any ABS module DTCs. (cid:122) Are any ABS module DTCs retrieved? No GO to B3 . B3 CHECK FOR SCAN TOOL COMMUNICATION WITH THE TBC MODULE (cid:122) Using a scan tool, carry out the network test. Yes (cid:122) Did the TBC module pass the network test? GO to B4 . No REFER to Section 418-00 . B4 CHECK FOR TBC MODULE DTCs (cid:122) Review the DTCs retrieved and recorded during TBC module Yes self-test. REFER to the Trailer Brake (cid:122) Are any TBC module DTCs present? Control (TBC) Module DTC Chart. No GO to B5 . B5 CHECK THE TBC MODULE FOR MAXIMUM OUTPUT Yes NOTE: Battery voltage must be greater than 10 volts. The TBC module is operating (cid:122) Ignition ON. correctly. SEND the trailer to an (cid:122) Set a gain of 10 in the TBC module. authorized camper/trailer repair (cid:122) NOTE: If the manual slider switch is held to the full left center for an overload condition. position for more than 5 to 20 minutes, the TBC module automatically shuts down. (cid:122) Have an assistant press the manual slider switch fully to the No left with a gain of 10 on the TBC module. GO to B6 . (cid:122) Measure the voltage between trailer tow 7-pin trailer tow connector electric brake supply pin, component side and ground. (cid:122) Is the voltage greater than 10-12 volts? B6 CHECK THE TRAILER TOW CONNECTOR FOR AN OPEN file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE26A002.HTM~gen~ref.H... 2014-03-01

---