# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 3sur 15

**Page:** 174 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 3sur 15 Abnormal/Incorrect Tire Wear Abnormal/incorrect tire wear is identified as tire wear that is not even around or across the tread, creating performance-related issues. Abnormal/incorrect tire wear can be caused by numerous factors, some of which include driving style (aggressive, passive), climate (hot, cold), road conditions, vehicle loading and maintenance (correct tire pressure, rotation intervals and balance). It is important to determine the root cause of wear on a vehicle before carrying out repair. Tires exhibiting abnormal/incorrect tire wear may still be serviceable provided that the minimum tread depth is greater than 2/32 inch and the tire is not causing a vehicle performance (noise/vibration) concern. Some abnormal/incorrect wear patterns look the same all the way around the tread of the tire, other wear patterns are not consistent and can occur in various spots on the tread area. The underlying causes of the 6 wear categories are different. Refer to the following descriptions to identify the type of wear and the appropriate repair action to be carried out. Inner Edge/Shoulder Wear Inner edge (or shoulder) wear occurs on the inside edge of the tire and is usually caused by excessive toe out and/or excessive negative camber. If the tread depth of the outer shoulder is at least 50% greater than the tread depth of the inner shoulder, the tire is experiencing inner edge/shoulder wear. Visually inspect the tires to determine whether the tires have this type of wear. In some instances, the tread depth of each rib may need to be measured and compared it to that of the shoulder. NOTE: RF tire shown, others similar. Outer Edge/Shoulder Wear Outer edge (or shoulder) wear occurs on the outside edge of the tire and is usually caused by excessive toe in and/or excessive positive camber. If the tread depth of the inner shoulder is at least 50% greater than the tread depth of the outer shoulder, the tire is experiencing outer edge/shoulder wear. Visually inspect the tires to determine whether the tires have this type of wear. In some instances, the tread depth of each rib may need to be measured and compared to that of the shoulder. NOTE: RF tire shown, others similar. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE244003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---