# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 6sur 8

**Page:** 426 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 6sur 8 6. NOTICE: Install a new pinion nut with the same color as the original if not replacing the collapsible spacer. If a new collapsible spacer is installed, install the nut in the kit, as indicated in the chart below, or damage to the component may occur. Position the new pinion nut. 9.75 Inch Drive Pinion Nut Part Number Color Description Application 19G405 Green Axles built before 7/16/07 4320 White Axles built after 7/16/07 4C121 White Kit with spacer for all 9.75-in axles 7. NOTICE: Under no circumstances is the pinion nut to be backed off to reduce drive pinion bearing preload. If reduced drive pinion bearing preload is required, a new drive pinion collapsible spacer and pinion nut must be installed or damage to the component may occur. NOTE: Remove the Drive Pinion Flange Holding Fixture while taking drive pinion bearing preload readings with the Nm (lb-in) torque wrench. Using the Drive Pinion Flange Holding Fixture to hold the pinion flange, tighten the pinion nut. (cid:122) Rotate the drive pinion occasionally to make sure the drive pinion bearings are seating correctly. (cid:122) Install a Nm (lb-in) torque wrench on the pinion nut. (cid:122) Rotating the drive pinion through several revolutions, take frequent drive pinion bearing preload readings until the original recorded drive pinion bearing preload reading is obtained. (cid:122) If the original recorded drive pinion bearing preload is lower than specification, tighten to the appropriate specification for used drive pinion bearings. If the drive pinion bearing preload is higher than specification, tighten the pinion nut to the original reading as recorded. For additional information, refer to the Specification portion of this section. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE252B07.HTM~gen~ref.H... 2014-03-01

---