# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 5sur 6

**Page:** 498 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 5sur 6 3. NOTICE: The color on the rear face of the drive pinion nut is critical to this repair. Use the same color new drive pinion nut for installation as the original. If a new collapsible spacer must be installed for pinion bearing preload reduction, install the nut supplied with the new spacer or damage to the component may occur. Select the correct pinion nut for installation. 8.8 In. Drive Pinion Nut Part Number Color Description Part Description 389546-S100 Orange Pinion nut 4320 Purple Pinion nut 4C121 Purple Kit with spacer for all 223.52 mm (8.8 in) axles 4. NOTICE: Install a new pinion nut with the same color as the original if not replacing the collapsible spacer or damage to the component may occur. Install the new washer and pinion nut. Only hand-tighten the pinion nut at this time. 5. NOTICE: Do not loosen the pinion nut to reduce drive pinion bearing preload. Install a new drive pinion collapsible spacer and pinion nut if drive pinion bearing preload reduction is necessary. If a new collapsible spacer must be installed for pinion bearing preload reduction, install the nut supplied with the new spacer or damage to the component may occur. Using the Drive Pinion Flange Holding Fixture to hold the pinion flange, tighten the pinion nut to set the drive pinion bearing preload. (cid:122) Tighten the pinion nut, rotating the pinion occasionally to make sure the drive pinion bearings are seating correctly. Take frequent drive pinion bearing preload readings by rotating the drive pinion gear with a Nm (lb-in) torque wrench. The final reading must be 0.56 Nm (5 lb-in) more than the initial reading taken during removal. 6. Install the front driveshaft. Refer to Section 205-01 . file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE253005.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---