# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 4sur 11

**Page:** 4 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 4sur 11 suspension to Ride Height Measurement in this components section. If the ride height is not within specification, INSPECT the front and rear suspension systems. INSTALL new suspension components as necessary. Refer to the appropriate section in Group 204 for the procedure. (cid:122) Wander (cid:122) Overloaded, (cid:122) NOTIFY the customer of incorrect unevenly or vehicle loading. incorrectly loaded vehicle (cid:122) Ball joint(s) (cid:122) INSPECT the ball joints. REFER to the Ball Joint Inspection Component Test in this section. (cid:122) Loose, worn or (cid:122) INSPECT the wheel bearings. damaged front INSTALL new wheel bearings as wheel bearing(s) necessary. (cid:122) Loose, worn or (cid:122) INSTALL new suspension damaged component(s) as necessary. Refer suspension to the appropriate section in Group component(s) 204 for the procedure. (cid:122) Loose (cid:122) INSPECT the suspension suspension fasteners. TIGHTEN to fasteners specification. Refer to the appropriate section in Group 204 for the procedure. (cid:122) Steering (cid:122) INSPECT the steering system. components INSTALL new components as necessary. For vehicles equipped with Electronic Power Assist Steering (EPAS), refer to Section 211-00A . For vehicles equipped with Hydraulic Power Assist Steering (HPAS), refer to Section 211-00B . (cid:122) Wheel alignment (cid:122) ADJUST as necessary. REFER to (excessive total Toe Adjustment —Front in this front toe out) section.

---