# General
**Page:** 777 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 26sur 58 No If the Rotunda Active Wheel Speed Sensor Tester is available, GO to E3 . If the Rotunda Active Wheel Speed Sensor Tester is not available, GO to E5 . E3 CHECK THE ABS MODULE OUTPUT USING THE ROTUNDA ACTIVE WHEEL SPEED SENSOR TESTER (cid:122) Ignition OFF. Yes (cid:122) Disconnect: Suspect Wheel Speed Sensor . GO to E4 . (cid:122) Connect the Rotunda Active Wheel Speed Sensor Tester to the wheel speed sensor connectors. No (cid:122) Select the correct system polarity on the Rotunda GO to E6 . Active Wheel Speed Sensor Tester and turn the power switch to the ON position. (cid:122) Ignition ON. (cid:122) Is the module output LED illuminated? E4 CHECK THE WHEEL SPEED SENSOR OUTPUT WITH THE ROTUNDA ACTIVE WHEEL SPEED SENSOR TESTER (cid:122) Raise the suspect wheel until it can spin freely. Refer Yes to Section 100-02 . INSPECT the wheel speed sensor tone (cid:122) While monitoring the Rotunda Active Wheel Speed ring for damage and looseness. Sensor Tester, slowly spin the suspect wheel. INSTALL new components as (cid:122) Do the sensor output LEDs illuminate and flash necessary. If the tone ring is OK, the and is the current overload LED not illuminated? concern may have been caused by a loose or corroded connector. CLEAR the DTCs. REPEAT the self-test. No If the current level LED is not illuminated and the sensor output LEDs do not illuminate or if the current level LED is illuminated red, INSTALL a new wheel speed sensor. REFER to Wheel Speed Sensor —Front or Wheel Speed Sensor —Rear in this section. CLEAR the DTCs. REPEAT the self-test. If the current level LED is not illuminated and the sensor output LEDs illuminate green but do not flash, INSPECT the wheel speed sensor tone ring and INSTALL new if necessary. If the tone ring is OK, INSTALL a new wheel speed sensor. REFER to Wheel Speed Sensor —Front or Wheel Speed Sensor —Rear in this section. CLEAR the DTCs. REPEAT the self-test. E5 CHECK THE ABS MODULE OUTPUT Yes NOTE: Make sure all test connections are made at GO to E7 . the wheel speed sensor before the ignition is turned to the ON position. No file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE269003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
