# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 2sur 7

**Page:** 146 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 2sur 7 chemicals if exposed to extreme mechanical damage. If these chemicals contact the skin or eyes, flush immediately with water for a minimum of 15 minutes and get prompt medical attention. If any part of the battery is swallowed, contact a physician immediately. When disposing of TPMS sensors, follow the correct procedures for hazardous material disposal. Failure to follow these instructions may result in serious personal injury. NOTICE: Failure to follow the instructions below may result in damage to the Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) sensor. NOTICE: The Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) sensor is mounted to the valve stem. Removal of the valve stem requires dismounting the tire from the wheel and removal of the TPMS sensor. NOTE: Use only the Digital Tire Pressure Gauge any time tire pressures are measured to be sure that accurate values are obtained. 1. Remove the wheel and tire. For additional information, refer to Wheel and Tire in this section. 2. NOTICE: The valve stem is connected to the Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) sensor. Do not pull the valve stem from the wheel, or damage to the sensor will occur. Remove the valve stem core and fully deflate all air from the tire. (cid:122) If a new Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) sensor is being installed, remove and discard the valve stem-to-sensor screw and the sensor. NOTICE: Do not allow the tire beads to move beyond the wheel mid-plane (middle of the wheel) when separating the beads from the wheels, damage to the Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) sensor may occur. 3. NOTICE: Tire and valve stem position is critical to prevent damage to the Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) sensor when using a paddle-type bead separator. NOTE: Some machines may have a nylon roller bead separator at the 12 o'clock position instead of the paddle-type bead separator at the 3 o'clock position. Position the wheel and tire assembly on a suitable tire machine and separate both beads of the tire from the wheel. (cid:122) For a paddle-type tire machine, position the valve stem at the 12 o'clock or 6 o'clock position and the paddle at the 3 o'clock position. (cid:122) For a roller-type tire machine, align the valve stem with the roller at any position. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE244010.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---