# General
**Page:** 156 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 4sur 19 2. TPMS_STAT = SYSTEM FAULT. (cid:122) If the module has not received the tire pressure status from all 4 TPMS sensors for 20 minutes and the vehicle speed is above 32 km/h (20 mph), the PID displays SYSTEM FAULT. 3. TPMS_STAT = LOW. (cid:122) If the module has detected that at least 1 TPMS sensor is reporting low tire pressure, the PID displays LOW. 4. TPMS_STAT = SYSTEM ACTIVE. (cid:122) If the TPMS is functioning normally, the PID displays SYSTEM ACTIVE. TPMS Last Warning Event PID Definitions The TPMS uses the TPMS last warning event PIDs to store detailed information about the last 5 times the TPMS warning indicator was activated. These PIDs can be used to acquire more information about a particular TPMS event, but must be used carefully. EVT1_AGE_IGN through EVT5_AGE_IGN The number of key cycles since the TPMS indicator was activated. This PID cycles from zero to 255. Default is $00, this can be used to determine how long ago a TPMS event occurred and the time (in key cycles) between events. EVT1_TR_LOC through EVT5_TR_LOC This is the last programmed location for the sensor identifier causing each TPMS event. Due to tire rotation, the sensor may no longer be at the original location. It is suggested that all the PIDs be recorded, the system retrained, and then the sensor identifier PIDs be used to pinpoint the actual location of each sensor. EVT1_PRESS through EVT5_PRESS This is the tire pressure associated with each TPMS warning indicator event. This can be used along with the function code to clearly identify the TPMS events that were strictly due to low pressure. It can also be used to determine when a sensor is transmitting inaccurate tire pressure. EVT1_SNSR_ST through EVT5_SNSR_ST Describes the warning status of each TPMS event by using the information received from the TPMS status (TPMS_STAT) PID . If there is a communication issue, the status could be Normal. (cid:122) Unknown (cid:122) Normal (normal operation) (cid:122) Low (low pressure event) (cid:122) Fault (sensor fault or system fault) EVT1_SNSR_ID through EVT5_SNSR_ID This is the identifier of the sensor involved in each TPMS event. EVT1 is the most recent event that triggered the TPMS warning indicator. Default is $ 00 00 00 00. Wheel Rotation and Sensor Training Techniques Moving a Problem Sensor/Wheel to a Different Position file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE244004.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
