# General
**Page:** 173 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 2sur 15 (cid:122) tire clearance between the body and chassis. (cid:122) wheel bearing life. (cid:122) braking performance. New wheels need to be installed when the vehicle wheels: (cid:122) are bent. (cid:122) are cracked. (cid:122) are dented. (cid:122) are heavily corroded. (cid:122) are leaking. (cid:122) have elongated wheel hub bolt holes. (cid:122) have excessive lateral or radial runout. Use only the tire sizes recommended on the tire label located on the driver door or door pillar attached to the vehicle. Larger or smaller tires can damage the vehicle, affect durability and require changing the speedometer calibration. Make sure wheel size and offsets match those recommended for the tire in use. 1. Inspect the tires for signs of uneven wear. Refer to the following descriptions to identify the type of wear and for the appropriate repair action to be carried out. 2. Check the tires for: (cid:122) cuts. (cid:122) stone bruises. (cid:122) abrasions. (cid:122) blisters. (cid:122) embedded objects. 3. Check the valve stems for: (cid:122) cracks. (cid:122) cuts. Install a new valve stem when damage is found or any time a new tire is installed. 4. Tread wear indicators are molded into the bottom of the tread grooves. Install a new tire when the indicator bands become less than 2/32 inch. Tire Wear Tire wear is commonly defined as a loss of tread depth. Tire tread wear occurs due to friction with the contact surface (road/pavement). The tread should wear down uniformly all the way around the circumference of the tire and all the way across the tread face. When this does not occur, the tire may have abnormal/incorrect wear. Normal Tire Wear Normal tire wear is identified as even wear around and across the tread. Because there are many factors (driving style, road surfaces, type of vehicle, type of tire) that can affect tire wear, there is no absolute mileage expectation for a normal wear condition. A tire is considered worn-out when the tread has worn to the level of the tread wear indicators. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE244003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
