# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 7sur 24

**Page:** 833 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 7sur 24 NOTICE: Use the Flex Probe Kit for all test connections to prevent damage to the wiring terminals. Do not use standard multi-meter probes. NOTE: Make sure the trailer brakes are electric-magnet actuated drum type brakes before proceeding with this pinpoint test. Test Step Result / Action to Take A1 VERIFY TBC MODULE DTCs (cid:122) Verify a trailer is not connected to the trailer tow Yes connector. GO to A2 . (cid:122) Ignition ON. (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan No tool: TBC Module Self-Test . For all other TBC module DTCs, GO to the (cid:122) Clear the DTCs. TBC Module DTC Chart. If no DTCs return, (cid:122) Test drive the vehicle in the following manner: the system is operating correctly at this time. (cid:132) maintain a speed greater than 5 km/h (3 INSPECT the 7-pin trailer tow connector for mph) water intrusion, corrosion, pushed-out pins (cid:132) turn the headlights ON and spread terminals. REPAIR or INSTALL (cid:132) lightly apply the brakes for more than 5 new as necessary. If the 7-pin trailer tow seconds connector is OK, SEND the trailer to an (cid:132) activate the left and right turn signals authorized camper/trailer repair facility. (cid:122) Ignition OFF. (cid:122) Ignition ON. (cid:122) Wait at least 10 seconds for all modules to wake up and prove out. (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan tool: TBC Module Self-Test . (cid:122) Is DTC C2806 or C2807 present? A2 CHECK THE TRAILER TOW CONNECTOR (cid:122) Ignition OFF. Yes (cid:122) Disconnect: Trailer Tow C439A . For DTC C2806, GO to A4 . For DTC (cid:122) Ignition ON. C2807, GO to A3 . (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan tool: TBC Module Self-Test . No (cid:122) Clear the DTCs. INSTALL a new 7-pin trailer tow connector. (cid:122) Test drive the vehicle in the following manner: CLEAR any DTCs present. TEST the (cid:132) maintain a speed greater than 5 km/h (3 system for normal operation. mph) (cid:132) turn the headlights ON (cid:132) lightly apply the brakes for more than 5 seconds (cid:132) activate the left and right turn signals (cid:122) Ignition OFF. (cid:122) Ignition ON. (cid:122) Wait at least 10 seconds for all modules to wake up and prove out. (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan tool: TBC Module Self-Test . (cid:122) Is DTC C2806 or C2807 present? A3 CHECK THE TBC MODULE PWM OUTPUT CIRCUIT FOR A SHORT TO GROUND (cid:122) Ignition OFF. Yes (cid:122) Connect: Trailer Tow C439A . GO to A5 . (cid:122) Disconnect: TBC Module C2142 . (cid:122) Measure the resistance between C439A-3, circuit No file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE26A002.HTM~gen~ref.H... 2014-03-01

---