# General
**Page:** 749 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 2sur 4 Anti-Lock Braking The conventional ABS aids in the prevention of wheel lock-up during braking events allowing the driver to maintain steering control and stop in the shortest distance possible under most conditions. This is accomplished by the ABS module and the HCU modulating brake fluid pressure to the affected brake caliper (s). When the ABS activates, both of the following can occur: (cid:122) A rumble or grinding sound may be heard (cid:122) If the driver's foot is on the brake pedal, a vibration may be felt in the brake pedal Supplemental Braking Assist In addition to preventing wheel lock up during braking events, the ABS module also provides supplemental hydraulic brake assist through the use of the hydraulic pump motor and the HCU . This is done in the event of a severe vacuum loss at the brake booster. AdvanceTrac® System Traction Control System The traction control system aids in the prevention of excessive wheel spin allowing the vehicle to maintain traction during acceleration. This is accomplished by the ABS module and the HCU modulating brake fluid pressure to the affected brake caliper(s) and by the PCM modulating engine torque. Electronic Stability Control (ESC) System The ESC system constantly monitors the vehicle's direction of travel relative to the driver's intended course, except when the vehicle is traveling in reverse, and aids in keeping the vehicle traveling along that course. This is accomplished by the ABS module and the HCU modulating brake fluid pressure to the affected brake caliper(s) and by the PCM modulating engine torque. When the AdvanceTrac® system activates, any of the following can occur: (cid:122) A rumble or grinding sound may be heard, much like ABS (cid:122) If the driver's foot is on the brake pedal, a vibration may be felt in the brake pedal, much like ABS (cid:122) A small deceleration or a reduction in the acceleration of the vehicle (cid:122) The stability/traction control indicator (sliding car icon) flashes Roll Stability Control (RSC®) System The RSC® system constantly monitors vehicle roll motion, except when the vehicle is traveling in reverse, and aids in keeping the vehicle stable during sudden or abrupt maneuvers. This is accomplished by the ABS module and the HCU modulating brake fluid pressure to the affected brake caliper(s) and by the PCM modulating engine torque. The combination of reduced engine torque and modulated brake fluid pressure file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE269002.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
