# General
**Page:** 789 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 38sur 58 (cid:122) Ignition OFF. Yes (cid:122) Disconnect: Hill Descent Control™ Switch C3394 . If DTC C2809 was recorded, GO to J4 . (cid:122) Measure the resistance between Hill Descent For all other conditions, GO to J5 . Control™ switch pins 1 and 6, component side, while pressing and releasing the switch. No INSTALL a new Hill Descent Control™ switch by removing the auxiliary switch assembly. REFER to the exploded view in Section 501-12 . PRESS the tab on each side of the switch to remove it from the bezel. After replacing the switch, CLEAR the DTCs and REPEAT the self-test. TEST the system for normal operation. (cid:122) Is the resistance less than 5 ohms with the switch pressed and greater than 10,000 ohms with the switch released? J4 CHECK THE HILL DESCENT CONTROL™ SWITCH SIGNAL CIRCUIT FOR A SHORT TO VOLTAGE (cid:122) Disconnect: IPC C220 . Yes (cid:122) Ignition ON. REPAIR circuit CET59 (GY/VT). (cid:122) Measure the voltage between Hill Descent Control™ CLEAR the DTCs. REPEAT the self- switch C3394-1, circuit CET59 (GY/VT), harness side test. and ground. No The system is operating correctly at this time. The concern may have been caused by a loose or corroded connector. TEST for normal operation. (cid:122) Is any voltage present? J5 CHECK THE HILL DESCENT CONTROL™ SWITCH SIGNAL CIRCUIT FOR AN OPEN (cid:122) Ignition OFF. Yes (cid:122) Disconnect: IPC C220 . GO to J6 . (cid:122) Measure the resistance between Hill Descent Control™ switch C3394-1, circuit CET59 (GY/VT), No harness side and IPC C220-22, circuit CET59 REPAIR circuit CET59 (GY/VT). TEST (GY/VT), harness side. the system for normal operation. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE269003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
