# Pinpoint Test D: The Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) Warning Indicator Is ON Continuously

**Page:** 162 | **Type:** text

Pinpoint Test D: The Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) Warning Indicator Is ON Continuously and The Message Center Displays LOW TIRE PRESSURE Normal Operation The Tire Pressure Monitor (TPM) module monitors the air pressure of all 4 road tires. The wheel-mounted tire pressure sensors transmit data via radio frequency signals to the TPM module. The TPM module is a radio receiver that collects the air pressure data from the Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) tire pressure sensors. The data is then sent to the Body Control Module (BCM) where a predetermined pass/fail criteria is applied. The TPMS sensor radio transmissions are sent approximately once every 60 seconds when the vehicle speed exceeds 32 km/h (20 mph). The BCM compares each TPMS sensor transmission against a low-pressure limit. If it has been determined that the tire pressure has fallen below this limit, the BCM communicates this on the vehicle communication bus to the Instrument Panel Cluster (IPC). The IPC then illuminates the TPMS warning indicator and displays the appropriate message(s) in the message center . This symptom can also be caused by a spare tire currently being used in place of a road tire. Make sure that the spare tire is not currently in use. On vehicles with different front and rear tire pressures, if the sensors are not trained following a tire rotation, this symptom may result. Advise the customer that on vehicles with different front and rear tire pressures, the sensors must be trained as directed in the Owner's Literature. This pinpoint test is intended to diagnose the following: (cid:122) Spare tire currently in use (cid:122) Tire pressure not set to specifications listed on the Vehicle Certification (VC) label (cid:122) TPMS sensors not trained following tire rotation (cid:122) TPMS sensor(s)

---