# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 4sur 6

**Page:** 231 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 4sur 6 6. Using the Mastertech® Series MTS 4000 Driveline Balance and NVH Analyzer (Vetronix), run a second test with the 12 mm (0.47 in) test weight set screw in the No. 1 hole, previously marked on the pinion flange. 7. Remove the test weight, then install the weight combination directed by the Mastertech® Series MTS 4000 Driveline Balance and NVH Analyzer (Vetronix). Vehicles without tapped pinion flanges 8. Using the Mastertech® Series MTS 4000 Driveline Balance and NVH Analyzer (Vetronix), run a second test with a test weight. Using a metal band, secure the test weight to the end of the driveshaft. The weight should be placed at the end of the driveshaft tube, as close to the tube-to-yoke weld seam as possible. Mark the location of the test weight on the driveshaft, as shown in the figure below. 1. Test weight. 2. Tube-to-yoke weld seam. 3. Driveshaft pinion flange. (cid:122) Select the test weight based on driveshaft size. Larger driveshafts use 10 g (0.353 oz). Smaller driveshafts use 5 g (0.176 oz). 9. Remove the test weight, then install the recommended weight at the position directed by the Mastertech® Series MTS 4000 Driveline Balance and NVH Analyzer (Vetronix). Using a metal band and epoxy, secure the test weight to the driveshaft, as shown in the figure below. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE250006.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---