# Symptom Chart —Suspension System

**Page:** 2 | **Type:** text

Symptom Chart —Suspension System Condition Possible Sources Action (cid:122) Incorrect thrust (cid:122) Rear (cid:122) INSPECT the rear suspension angle (dogtracking) suspension system. CHECK the rear alignment components for the correct thrust angle. REPAIR or INSTALL new suspension components as necessary. REFER to Section 204- 02 . (cid:122) Vehicle drifts/pulls (cid:122) Unevenly loaded (cid:122) GO to Pinpoint Test A . or overloaded vehicle (cid:122) Tires/tire pressure (cid:122) Alignment is not within specification (cid:122) Brake drag (cid:122) Steering components (cid:122) Front bottoming or (cid:122) Worn, damaged (cid:122) MEASURE the ride height. REFER riding low or incorrect to Ride Height Measurement in this springs section. INSTALL new springs as necessary. Refer to the appropriate section in Group 204 for the procedure. (cid:122) Worn front (cid:122) INSTALL new shock absorbers as shock absorbers necessary. Refer to the appropriate section in Group 204 for the procedure. (cid:122) Abnormal/incorrect (cid:122) Incorrect tire (cid:122) ADJUST the tire pressure. REFER tire wear pressure (rapid to the Vehicle Certification (VC) center rib or label. REFER to Section 204-04 inner and outer Diagnosis and Testing for further edge wear) tire wear diagnosis. (cid:122) Incorrect tire (cid:122) REFER to Section 100-03 . rotation intervals (cid:122) High-speed (cid:122) REFER to Section 204-04 cornering Diagnosis and Testing for further (cid:122) Excessive front tire wear diagnosis. or rear toe (inner or outer edge wear) (cid:122) Excessive negative or positive camber (inner or outer edge wear) (cid:122) Front or rear (cid:122) INSPECT the front and rear suspension suspension system. REPAIR or components INSTALL new suspension components as necessary. Refer to the appropriate section in Group 204 for the procedure. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE240003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---