# General
**Page:** 211 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 8sur 18 Section 205-03 . (cid:122) Loose axle bolts (cid:122) CHECK the axle for loose bolts. TIGHTEN the bolts to specification. REFER to Section 205-02A , Section 205-02B or Section 205- 03 . (cid:122) Loose or missing (cid:122) CHECK all driveline fasteners fasteners for proper torque. REFER to Section 205-01 , Section 205-02A , Section 205-02B or Section 205-03 . (cid:122) Driveline angles (cid:122) MEASURE and ADJUST out of the driveline angles as specification necessary. REFER to Driveline Angle Measurement , Driveline Angle Adjustment . (cid:122) U-joints binding or (cid:122) ROTATE the driveshaft seized and CHECK for rough operation or seized U- joints. INSTALL new U- joints or driveshaft as necessary. REFER to Section 205-01 . (cid:122) Binding or (cid:122) INSPECT the driveshaft damaged CV joint and coupling shaft driveshaft CV joint for wear or damage. INSTALL a new driveshaft as necessary. REPAIR as necessary. REFER to Section 205-01 . (cid:122) Transfer case (cid:122) REFER to Section 308- 07A . (cid:122) Driveline shudder — (cid:122) Driveline angle (cid:122) MEASURE and ADJUST occurs during acceleration out of the driveline angles as from a slow speed or stop specification due necessary. REFER to (vehicle loaded) to loaded Driveline Angle condition Measurement , Driveline Angle Adjustment . (cid:122) Take-off shudder —with 1- (cid:122) Driveline angle (cid:122) MEASURE and ADJUST piece driveshaft (loaded or out of the driveline angles as unloaded) specification necessary. REFER to Driveline Angle Measurement , Driveline Angle Adjustment . (cid:122) If concern is still present lower axle pinion using 1 degree shim with thick end forward. REFER to, Driveline Angle Adjustment . (cid:122) Take-off shudder —with 1- (cid:122) Driveline angle (cid:122) Lower axle pinion piece driveshaft (loaded or out of replacing 1 degree shim file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE250003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
