# General
**Page:** 142 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 1sur 3 SECTION 204-04: Wheels and Tires 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual DESCRIPTION AND OPERATION Procedure revision date: 10/25/2013 Wheels And Tires Safety Precautions unless all drive wheels are elevated off the ground. Drive wheels in contact with ground could cause unexpected vehicle movement. Failure to follow this instruction may result in serious personal injury. can result in tire bead damage or tire separation from the wheel. Failure to follow this instruction may result in serious personal injury to technician or vehicle occupant(s). tire. Tire sealants may be flammable and can burn or explode if exposed to an ignition source. Failure to follow this instruction may result in serious personal injury. (cid:122) load carrying capacity. (cid:122) diameter, width and offset. (cid:122) pilot hole and bolt circle. Combined load carrying capacity of replacement wheels for a given axle, must be equal to or greater than that axle's gross axle weight rating (GAWR) identified on the vehicle's Safety Compliance Certification label. All other specifications should be evaluated by measurement of both the original wheel and the replacement wheel. If specifications are not equivalent, the safety and handling of the vehicle may be degraded, which may result in serious injury to the vehicle occupant(s). instruction may result in serious personal injury. much as possible by pushing in valve core plunger prior to removing the core. Escaping air can carry particles that can injure the eyes. Failure to follow these instructions may result in serious personal injury. (such as P-metric versus LT-metric or all-season versus all-terrain) as those originally provided by Ford. The recommended tire and wheel size may be found on either the Safety Compliance Certification Label or the Tire Label, which is located on the B-pillar or edge of the driver's door. If the information is not found on these labels, consult a Ford dealer. Use of any tire or wheel not recommended by Ford can affect the safety and performance of the vehicle, which could result in an file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE244002.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
