# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 2sur 2

**Page:** 826 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 2sur 2 relative to the brake pedal or manual control input. One bar indicates the least amount of output with 6 bars indicating maximum output. (cid:122) TRAILER DISCONNECTED —This message is displayed and accompanied by a single chime when a correct trailer connection was made and then a disconnection has been sensed during a given ignition cycle. This message is also displayed if any of the following occur: (cid:132) the 7-pin trailer connector becomes disconnected while driving (cid:132) an intermittent open circuit occurs in the vehicle wiring from the TBC module to the 7-pin trailer connector or the trailer wiring (cid:132) during manual activation using the manual control lever without a trailer connected (accompanied by a single chime) (cid:122) TRAILER BRAKE MODULE FAULT —This message is displayed and a DTC is stored when a fault is detected by the TBC module. (cid:122) WIRING FAULT ON TRAILER —This message is displayed when the trailer brake output circuit is shorted to ground or shorted to voltage. A DTC sets in the TBC module indicating which circuit fault was observed. It is important to determine if a trailer was connected when this message was displayed. If this message is only observed with a trailer connected, the concern is related to the trailer wiring and not the vehicle. If this message is observed without a trailer connected, the concern is with the vehicle wiring from the TBC module to the 7-pin trailer connector. (cid:122) TBC FAULT —This message is displayed if the Instrument Panel Cluster (IPC) is receiving communications from the TBC module, but has not been configured for a trailer brake system. If the message center displays TBC FAULT and there are no DTCs stored in the TBC module, follow the steps in Programmable Parameters to verify and/or modify the TBC module programmable parameter in the IPC . file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE26A001.HTM~gen~ref.H... 2014-03-01

---