# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 6sur 7

**Page:** 150 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 6sur 7 the bottom bead of the tire. 6. Reposition the wheel to align the valve stem with the machine arm at the 6 o'clock position, and mount the top bead of the tire. 7. NOTE: Use only the Digital Tire Pressure Gauge any time tire pressures are measured to make sure that accurate values are obtained. Inflate the tire to the pressure specified on the Vehicle Certification (VC) label located on the driver door or door pillar. (cid:122) Proceed to Step 8 if the tire beads do not seat at the specified inflation pressure. 8. of the tire in order to seat the beads, follow all steps listed below. Failure to follow these steps may result in serious personal injury. The following steps should only be carried out if the tire beads cannot be seated by inflating the tire up to the maximum inflation pressure listed on the tire sidewall. 1. Relubricate the tire bead and wheel bead seat area. 2. Install a remote valve and pressure gauge. 3. Wear eye and ear protection and stand at a minimum of 3.65 m (12 ft) away from the wheel and tire assembly. 4. Inflate the tire using the remote valve and tire gauge until the beads have seated or until the pressure gauge is 138 kPa (20 psi) more than maximum inflation pressure on tire sidewall. If beads have not seated, deflate the tire and proceed to the next step. 5. Place the wheel and tire assembly in an OSHA-approved tire safety cage. 6. Inflate the tire using the remote valve and pressure gauge until the beads have seated or until the pressure gauge is 276 kPa (40 psi) more than maximum inflation pressure on the tire sidewall. Do not exceed 276 kPa (40 psi) above the maximum pressure on tire sidewall. Install a new tire if the beads do not seat at this pressure. 9. Install the wheel and tire. For additional information, refer to Wheel and Tire in this section. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE244010.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---