# General
**Page:** 180 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 9sur 15 NOTE: Make sure the wheel and tire assembly is clean and free of foreign material prior to installation on the balancer. NOTE: The wheel balancer inflation station must be turned OFF for tires with inflation pressures of 414 kPa (60 psi) or above. Mount the wheel and tire assembly on a suitable wheel balancer using the correct wheel balancer adapters as shown. Refer to the list of recommended wheel balancer adapters on the PTS website. Item Description 1 Wheel balancer 2 Cone 3 Wheel and tire assembly 4 Finger plate 5 Balancer wing nut 5. Measure the Road Force®. (cid:122) Temporarily mark the high spot and the Road Force® value on the sidewall of the tire. If the wheel and tire assembly Road Force® value is not within specification, carry out the Match Mounting procedure to optimize the wheel and tire assembly. (cid:122) If the wheel and tire assembly Road Force® value is within specification, permanently mark the high spot and the Road Force® value on the inward sidewall of the tire for reference during future wheel and tire service. Balance the assembly and install the wheel and tire on the vehicle using the Wheel-to-Hub Optimization procedure. Vehicle Maximum allowable Road Force® value F-150 with P-metric tires 11 kg (25 lb) F-150 with LT-metric tires 16 kg (35 lb) Runout Measurement (Dial Indicator) NOTE: Diagnosis of tire/wheel vibration should not be performed on tires with less than 320 km (200 mi). Some initial tire/wheel vibration issues (such as flat spotting) correct themselves after the tires have been in service for 320 km (200 mi). file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE244003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
