# General
**Page:** 787 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 36sur 58 (cid:122) Is any voltage present? I11 CHECK THE BRAKE BOOSTER VACUUM SENSOR CONNECTOR (cid:122) Ignition OFF. Yes (cid:122) Check brake booster vacuum sensor connector for: INSTALL a new vacuum sensor. (cid:132) corrosion REFER to Section 206-07 . (cid:132) damaged pins CLEAR the DTCs. REPEAT the (cid:132) pushed-out pins self-test. (cid:122) Connect: Brake Booster Vacuum Sensor C149 . (cid:122) Make sure the connector seats correctly, then operate the If DTC C109E or C109F return, system and verify the concern is still present. GO to I12 . (cid:122) Is the concern still present? No The system is operating correctly at this time. The concern may have been caused by a loose or corroded connector. CLEAR the DTCs. REPEAT the self-test. I12 CHECK THE ABS MODULE CONNECTORS (cid:122) Ignition OFF. Yes (cid:122) Disconnect: ABS Module C135 . INSTALL a new ABS module. (cid:122) Check ABS module connector for: REFER to Anti-Lock Brake (cid:132) corrosion System (ABS) Module in this (cid:132) damaged pins section. TEST the system for (cid:132) pushed-out pins normal operation. (cid:122) Connect: ABS Module C135 . (cid:122) Make sure the connector seats correctly, then operate the No system and verify the concern is still present. The system is operating correctly (cid:122) Is the concern still present? at this time. The concern may have been caused by a loose or corroded connector. CLEAR the DTCs. REPEAT the self-test.

---
