# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 2sur 3

**Page:** 197 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 2sur 3 Remove the 6 or 7 wheel nuts. 3. Remove the wheel and tire assembly. Installation 1. material present on the mounting surface of the wheel and the mounting surface of the wheel hub, brake drum or brake disc. Make sure that any fasteners that attach the rotor to the hub are secured so they do not interfere with the mounting surfaces of the wheel. Failure to follow these instructions when installing wheels may result in the wheel nuts loosening and the wheel coming off while the vehicle is in motion, which could result in loss of control, leading to serious injury or death to vehicle occupant(s). NOTICE: Make sure to apply a thin coat of anti-seize lubrication only to the interface between the wheel pilot bore and the hub pilot. Do not allow the anti-seize to make contact with the wheel-to-brake disc/drum mounting surface, wheel studs, wheel nuts, brake pads or brake disc friction surfaces or damage to components may occur. Clean the wheel mounting surfaces and apply a thin coat of anti-seize to the wheel hub pilot surface (wheel only). 2. Install the wheel and tire assembly. 3. Wheels can loosen after initial tightening. Failure to follow this instruction may result in serious injury to vehicle occupant(s). NOTICE: Failure to tighten the wheel nuts in a star/cross pattern can result in high brake disc runout, which will speed up the development of brake roughness, shudder and vibration. NOTE: The wheel nut torque specification is for clean, dry wheel stud and wheel nut threads. Install the 6 or 7 wheel nuts by hand. (cid:122) Tighten the wheel nuts in a star/cross pattern. (cid:122) Tighten to 204 Nm (150 lb-ft). file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE244009.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---