# General
**Page:** 782 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

PINPOINT TEST G: DTCs C116A, C1440 NOTICE: Use the correct probe adapter(s) when making measurements. Failure to use the correct probe adapter(s) may damage the connector. Test Step Result / Action to Take G1 MONITOR THE ABS MODULE BRAKE ON/OFF (BOO_ABS) PID (cid:122) Connect the scan tool. Yes (cid:122) Ignition ON. GO to G3 . (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan tool: DataLogger —ABS Module . No (cid:122) Press and release the brake pedal while monitoring the GO to G2 . BOO_ABS PID. (cid:122) Does the PID display ON with the brake pedal applied and OFF with the brake pedal released? G2 MONITOR THE PCM BRAKE ON/OFF (BOO1) PID (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan tool: Yes DataLogger —PCM . REFER to Section 418-00 to (cid:122) Press and release the brake pedal while monitoring the continue diagnosis of the HS-CAN . BOO1 PID. (cid:122) Does the PID display ON with the brake pedal applied and OFF with the brake pedal released? No REFER to Section 417-01 to continue diagnosis of the stoplamp switch fault. G3 MONITOR THE INITIAL (BRAKE PEDAL NOT APPLIED) BRAKE PRESSURE USING THE ABS MODULE BRAKE PRESSURE (BRAKPRES) PID (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan tool: Yes DataLogger —ABS Module . GO to G4 . (cid:122) With the brake pedal not applied, record the pressure displayed by the BRAKPRES PID. No (cid:122) Is the initial brake pressure less than 275 kPa (40 psi) INSTALL a new HCU . REFER to with the brake pedal not applied? Hydraulic Control Unit (HCU) in this section. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE269003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
