# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 1sur 4

**Page:** 748 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 1sur 4 SECTION 206-09: Anti-Lock Brake System (ABS) and Stability Control 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual DESCRIPTION AND OPERATION Procedure revision date: 10/25/2013 Anti-Lock Brake System (ABS) and Stability Control AdvanceTrac® With RSC® The AdvanceTrac® system is made up of the following systems: (cid:122) Anti-lock braking (cid:122) Traction control (cid:122) ESC The RSC® system is an optional feature that works in conjunction with AdvanceTrac® to aid in maintaining vehicle stability. AdvanceTrac® with RSC® system consists of the following components: (cid:122) ABS module —attached to the Hydraulic Control Unit (HCU), but can be serviced separately from the HCU . (cid:122) Front wheel speed sensors —one sensor is located in each front wheel knuckle. The sensors are serviced separately from the knuckle. (cid:122) Front wheel speed sensor encoders —one encoder strip is located in each wheel bearing and wheel hub assembly and is serviced with the wheel bearing. (cid:122) HCU —contains several valves (inlet, outlet, isolation and dump) and a hydraulic pump motor. It is mounted behind the radiator, below the air cleaner assembly. The HCU is replaced as a unit, including the ABS module. (cid:122) Rear wheel speed sensors —one sensor is located in each end of the rear axle housing. The sensors are serviced separately. (cid:122) Rear wheel speed sensor tone rings —one tone ring is located on each axle shaft. (cid:122) Stability control sensors —located inside the Restraints Control Module (RCM) and consist of the following sensors: yaw rate, roll rate, lateral and longitudinal accelerometers. The sensors are integral to the RCM and cannot be serviced separately. (cid:122) Steering wheel rotation sensor (6.2L) —located on the end of the steering column near the intermediate shaft. The sensor is serviced separately from the steering column but the sensor ring is replaced with the column. For all other applications, the steering wheel rotation sensor is part of the EPAS . (cid:122) Stability/traction control switch —located in the instrument panel finish panel and is serviced separately from the finish panel. (cid:122) Hill Descent Control™ switch —located in the auxiliary switch panel and is serviced separately. (cid:122) Brake vacuum pump (3.5L) —a mechanical pump located on the back of the RH cylinder head and driven by the RH exhaust cam shaft. Electronic Brake Distribution (EBD) The ABS module and HCU incorporate a strategy called EBD . The EBD strategy uses the HCU as an electronic proportioning valve to create a balanced braking condition between the front and rear wheels and minimizes the chance of rear wheel lockup during hard braking. A slight bump sensation may be felt in the brake pedal when EBD is active. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE269002.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---