# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 6sur 18

**Page:** 209 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 6sur 18 torque. REFER to Section 205-01 , Section 205-02A , Section 205-02B or Section 205-03 . (cid:122) Driveline clunk —occurs (cid:122) Damaged or worn (cid:122) INSPECT the CV joint and during acceleration or from CV joint boot. INSTALL a new CV cruise to joint as necessary. REFER coast/deceleration to Section 205-04 . (cid:122) Loose or missing (cid:122) CHECK all driveline fasteners fasteners for proper torque. REFER to Section 205-01 , Section 205-02A , Section 205-02B or Section 205-03 . (cid:122) Clicking, popping or (cid:122) Inadequate or (cid:122) CHECK the CV boots and grinding —occurs while contaminated joints for wear or damage. the vehicle is turning lubrication in the INSTALL new components CV joints as necessary. REFER to Section 205-04 . (cid:122) Another (cid:122) CHECK the halfshafts and component the area around the contacting the halfshafts. REPAIR as halfshaft necessary. (cid:122) High pitched chattering — (cid:122) Incorrect or (cid:122) CHECK the vehicle by noise from the axle when contaminated driving in tight circles (5 the vehicle is turning lubricant clockwise, 5 counterclockwise). CLEAN and REFILL the axle to specification. REFER to Section 205-02A , Section 205-02B or Section 205- 03 . (cid:122) Damaged or worn (cid:122) REPAIR or INSTALL new differential differential side gears or (differential side pinion gears as necessary. gears and pinion REFER to Section 205- gears) 02A , Section 205-02B or Section 205-03 . (cid:122) Buzz —buzzing noise is (cid:122) Incorrect driveline (cid:122) CHECK for correct the same at cruise or angles driveline angles. REPAIR coast/deceleration as necessary. REFER to Driveline Angle Measurement in this section. (cid:122) Rumble or boom —noise (cid:122) Driveshaft is out- (cid:122) CHECK the driveshaft for occurs at of-balance damage, missing balance coast/deceleration, usually weights or undercoating. driveshaft speed-related REFER to Driveshaft and noticeable over a wide Runout and Balancing in range of speeds this section. (cid:122) U-joints are (cid:122) ROTATE the driveshaft binding or seized and CHECK for rough operation or seized U- joints. INSTALL new U- joints or driveshaft as file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE250003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---