# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 3sur 4

**Page:** 727 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 3sur 4 Removal and Installation specification. Additionally, do not use brake fluid that has been previously drained. Following these instructions will help prevent system contamination, brake component damage and the risk of serious personal injury. information seek medical advice. In the USA or Canada on Ford/Motorcraft products call: 1-800-959- 3673. For additional information, consult the product Material Safety Data Sheet (MSDS) if available. Failure to follow these instructions may result in serious personal injury. NOTICE: Do not spill brake fluid on painted or plastic surfaces or damage to the surface may occur. If brake fluid is spilled onto a painted or plastic surface, immediately wash the surface with water. 1. Relieve the vacuum in the brake booster by pressing and releasing the brake pedal a minimum of 5 times with the engine not running. 2. Remove the Air Cleaner (ACL) element. For additional information, refer to Air Cleaner Element in Section 303-12 . 3. Remove the nut and position the hood switch and bracket aside. (cid:122) To install, tighten nut to 6 Nm (53 lb-in). 4. Remove the 2 bolts and position the coolant expansion tank/lower ACL housing assembly aside. (cid:122) To install, tighten bolts to 15 Nm (133 lb-in). 5. Disconnect the brake fluid level switch. 6. If equipped, position the vacuum sensor wiring harness and front axle vent hose aside. 7. Loosen the brake tube fittings and disconnect the brake tubes. (cid:122) Plug the master cylinder ports. (cid:122) To install, tighten primary brake tube fitting to 28 Nm (21 lb-ft). (cid:122) To install, tighten secondary brake tube fitting to 20 Nm (177 lb-in). 8. NOTICE: When the master cylinder is removed, the piston will be exposed. Do not damage the piston or piston surface or a fluid leak may occur. Remove the 2 brake master cylinder nuts and the brake master cylinder. (cid:122) To install, tighten to 25 Nm (18 lb-ft). file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE266009.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---