# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 7sur 58

**Page:** 758 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 7sur 58 (cid:122) verify the ignition is ON. (cid:122) verify the scan tool operation with a known good vehicle. (cid:122) refer to Section 418-00 The PCM Does Not Respond To The Scan Tool, to diagnose no response from the PCM. 9. Carry out the network test. (cid:122) If the scan tool responds with no communication for one or more modules, refer to Section 418-00 . (cid:122) If the network test passes, retrieve and record CMDTCs . 10. Clear the continuous DTCs and carry out the self-test diagnostics for the ABS module. 11. If the DTCs retrieved are related to the concern, go to ABS Module DTC Chart. For all other DTCs, refer to the Master DTC Chart in Section 419-10 . 12. If no DTCs related to the concern are retrieved, GO to Symptom Chart . DTC Charts ABS Module DTC Chart NOTE: Always retrieve the continuous DTCs after running the self-test. DTC Description Action B1342 ECU is Defective NOTICE: Do not power the Electronic Control Unit (ECU) while it is removed from the HCU . Failure to do so could damage the ECU or cause the ECU to set unrelated DTCs. NOTE: If other DTCs are present, repair them before installing a new component. CLEAR the DTCs. REPEAT the self-test. RETRIEVE the DTCs. If DTC B1342 is retrieved, INSTALL a new ABS module. REFER to Anti-Lock Brake System (ABS) Module in this section. REPEAT the self-test. B1596 Service Continuous NOTE: This DTC does not indicate a malfunction of the ABS. If other Codes DTCs are present, REPAIR them before addressing this DTC. Some DTCs cannot be detected by the ABS module until the ignition is cycled from ON to OFF and back to ON again. When DTCs are cleared using the scan tool, the ignition needs to be cycled in order to clear this DTC and have the ABS module check for other DTCs. DIAGNOSE all other DTCs. CLEAR the DTCs. CYCLE the ignition. RETRIEVE the DTCs. GO to the ABS Module DTC Chart. B1676 Battery Pack Voltage GO to Pinpoint Test A . Out of Range B2477 Module Configuration CONFIGURE the ABS module. REFER to Programmable Module Failure Installation (PMI) in Section 418-01 . CLEAR the DTCs. REPEAT the self-test. B2900 VIN Mismatch GO to Pinpoint Test B . file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE269003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---