# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 2sur 3

**Page:** 730 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 2sur 3 3 2450 Brake pedal and bracket 4 W520212 Brake booster-to-pedal bracket nut (4 required) 5 2L523 Brake pedal pin Removal and Installation Vehicles equipped with adjustable pedals 1. NOTICE: The brake pedal and the accelerator pedal must be in the same position when installing a new cable or a new pedal. The pedals must be all the way forward or all the way rearward or damage to components may occur. Move the pedals to the full forward (away from the driver) position. 2. Disconnect the accelerator pedal-to-brake pedal cable from the adjustable brake pedal gear set. All vehicles 3. NOTICE: Do not service the brake pedal without first removing the stoplamp switch. Remove this switch with the brake pedal in the at-rest position. Attempting to remove the switch when the plunger is extended (during pedal apply) results in damage to the switch. Remove the stoplamp switch. For additional information, refer to Section 417-01 . 4. NOTE: Use an 11 mm, 12-point socket or wrench to compress the 2 tabs on the brake pedal arm pin. Remove and discard the brake pedal pin, then disconnect the brake booster push rod from the brake pedal arm. 5. Remove the bulkhead sound insulator. 6. Remove the 4 brake booster-to-pedal bracket nuts. (cid:122) To install, tighten to 25 Nm (18 lb-ft) following a clockwise pattern starting with the upper left nut. 7. Remove the 2 brake pedal bracket bolts and remove the brake pedal and bracket. (cid:122) To install, tighten to 25 Nm (18 lb-ft). 8. NOTICE: Do not press, pull or otherwise move the brake pedal while installing the stoplamp switch. Install this switch with the booster push rod attached to the brake pedal and with the brake pedal in the at-rest position. Installing this switch with the pedal in any other position results in incorrect adjustment and damages the switch. To install, reverse the removal procedure. Vehicles equipped with adjustable pedals 9. Index the pedal assemblies. For additional information, refer to Adjustable Pedal Indexing in this section. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE266010.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---