# General
**Page:** 228 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 1sur 6 SECTION 205-00: Driveline System —General Information 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual GENERAL PROCEDURES Procedure revision date: 10/25/2013 Driveshaft Runout and Balancing Special Tool(s) Dial Indicator Gauge with Holding Fixture 100-002 (TOOL-4201-C) or equivalent Mastertech® Series MTS 4000 Driveline Balance and NVH Analyzer (Vetronix) 257-00018 or equivalent Driveshaft Inspection NOTE: Driveline vibration exhibits a higher frequency and lower amplitude than high-speed shake. Driveline vibration is directly related to the speed of the vehicle and is noticed at various speeds. Driveline vibration can be perceived as a tremor in the floorpan or heard as a rumble, hum or boom. NOTE: Refer to Specifications in this section for all runout specifications. 1. NOTE: Do not make any adjustments before carrying out a road test. Do not change the tire pressure or the vehicle load. Carry out a visual inspection of the vehicle. Operate the vehicle and verify the condition by reproducing it during the road test. (cid:122) The concern should be directly related to vehicle road speed, not affected by acceleration or deceleration or could not be reduced by coasting in NEUTRAL. 2. With the vehicle in NEUTRAL, position it on a hoist. For additional information, refer to Section 100- 02 . (cid:122) The driveshaft should be kept at an angle equal to or close to the curb-weighted position. Use a twin-post hoist or a frame hoist with jackstands. 3. Inspect the driveshaft for damage, undercoating or incorrectly seated U-joints. Rotate the driveshaft slowly by hand and feel for binding or end play in the U-joint trunnions. Remove the driveshaft. For additional information, refer to Section 205-01 . Inspect the slip yoke splines for any galling, dirt, rust or incorrect lubrication. Clean the driveshaft or install new U-joints as necessary. Install a new driveshaft if damaged. After any corrections or new components are installed, recheck for the vibration at the road test speed. (cid:122) If the vibration is gone, test drive the vehicle. (cid:122) If the vibration persists or the driveshaft passes visual inspection, measure the driveshaft runout. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE250006.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
