# Pinpoint Test I: DTCs C109D, C109E and C109F
Refer to Wiring Diagrams Cell 42 , Vehicle Dynamic Syst
**Page:** 783 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** Pinpoint Test I: DTCs C109D, C109E and C109F
Refer to Wiring Diagrams Cell 42 , Vehicle Dynamic Syst

Pinpoint Test I: DTCs C109D, C109E and C109F Refer to Wiring Diagrams Cell 42 , Vehicle Dynamic Systems for schematic and connector information. Normal Operation The ABS module uses the vacuum sensor to determine if hydraulic pump intervention is necessary due to a severe loss of vacuum in the booster. The ABS module sends a 5-volt reference voltage to the sensor and the sensor compares the pressure in the booster to the ambient air pressure in the engine compartment and sends a varying voltage back to the ABS module based on the difference between the pressures. Normally, the pressure in the booster is much lower than ambient air pressure. As the pressure in the booster gets higher (closer to matching ambient air pressure), the lower the voltage sent back to the ABS module becomes. (cid:122) DTC C109D (Low Vacuum Condition Detected) —this DTC sets in continuous memory and every ignition cycle when the vacuum in the brake booster goes below a predetermined threshold and does not necessarily indicate a concern with the vacuum sensor, the related wiring or the ABS module. This DTC indicates a vacuum concern in the brake booster, engine and any related vacuum hoses/tubes. High altitude locations with low ambient air temperatures can cause a low vacuum condition to exist in the booster until the engine compartment warms up. (cid:122) DTC C109E (Vacuum Sensor Circuit Fault) —this DTC sets in continuous memory and every ignition cycle if during normal operation or the ABS module on-demand self-test, the ABS module detects an open circuit, a short to voltage or a short to ground on the vacuum sensor circuits or a failure of the vacuum sensor. (cid:122) DTC C109F (Vacuum Sensor Signal Fault) —this DTC sets in continuous memory and every ignition cycle if the vacuum sensor ambient air pressure inlet ports, or the vacuum sensor ports become restricted or clogged. This

---
