# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 4sur 58

**Page:** 755 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 4sur 58 The hill start assist system engages automatically when the following conditions are met: (cid:122) The driver applies the vehicle brake and the vehicle is at a complete stop. (cid:122) Road inclination of approximately 4 degrees or more is detected (as indicated by the stability control sensor information). (cid:122) The vehicle transmission information indicates that the driver selects the correct gear, indicating the intention to drive up the hill. (cid:122) The parking brake is not engaged. Once all the above criteria have been met and the driver releases the brake pedal, hill start assist utilizes the valves in the Hydraulic Control Unit (HCU) to hold the car stationary for up to 2 seconds giving the driver time to accelerate the vehicle. As the vehicle accelerates hill start assist gradually releases the brake pressure to make sure that the vehicle is neither rolling back nor driving off until there is sufficient driving torque to accelerate the vehicle forward. Hill start assist also functions if the vehicle is facing downhill if the reverse gear is selected. Hill Descent Control™ and Hill Descent Control™ Switch Hill Descent Control™ uses the pump motor and HCU to provide vehicle speed control while descending a downhill grade, information from the RCM to determine whether or not the vehicle is on a downhill grade and wheel speed sensor information to determine vehicle speed. When the Hill Descent Control™ switch is pressed, a ground signal is sent to the IPC indicating that the driver has activated the system. The IPC then sends a message to the ABS module along the HS-CAN requesting system activation. The ABS module uses the input from the RCM and wheel speed sensors to determine the mode of operation (active, stand-by or deactivated). During a hill descent, while the Hill Descent Control™ system is activated, the driver sets vehicle speed through the use of the accelerator and brake pedals. Once the desired speed has been set, the system maintains that speed until one of the following occur: (cid:122) The vehicle is no longer on a downhill grade. (cid:122) The driver presses the switch again. (cid:122) Vehicle speed exceeds 64 km/h (40 mph). (cid:122) The system is disabled for cooling. During periods of sustained use, the Hill Descent Control™ system automatically deactivates in order to cool the brake system. When this occurs, the system notifies the driver with a message in the message center and by sounding a warning chime. At this time the driver needs to provide brake and/or throttle control to maintain the desired descent speed. The system remains disabled until it has sufficiently cooled. The length of time needed for cooling varies depending on operating conditions. Stability/Traction Control Switch Unlike conventional ABS, the individual functions of AdvanceTrac® with RSC® can be deactivated by the driver through the stability/traction control switch. The switch is hard-wired to the IPC and when pressed, sends a ground signal to the IPC . If the stability/traction control switch is pressed and held for more than 30 seconds, a DTC sets in the ABS module. Once disabled, the system remains in that state until the driver presses the switch again, the ignition is cycled or the vehicle speed reaches or exceeds 56 km/h (35 mph). Once the vehicle speed reaches or exceeds 56 km/h (35 mph), RSC® and ESC are reactivated. Once the vehicle speed drops below 48 km/h file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE269003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---