# General
**Page:** 797 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 46sur 58 The RCM and the ABS module communicate along circuits VCA23 (BU/WH) and VCA24 (GN/OG). An open circuit or a short to power or ground on any one of these circuits causes the ABS module to set a DTC. Also, if the RCM is not mounted in the correct position, with the electrical connector facing the driver-side of the vehicle, the ABS module also sets DTCs. DTC Description Fault Trigger Condition (cid:122) C1280 —Yaw Rate If the ABS module receives a message from the RCM that is out of the Sensor Signal Fault normal operating range or one that does not agree with other sensor (cid:122) C1282 —Lateral information, the appropriate signal fault DTC sets. Accelerometer Signal Fault (cid:122) C1516 —Roll Rate Sensor Signal Fault (cid:122) C2770 — Longitudinal Acceleration Sensor Signal Fault (cid:122) C1963 —Stability If conditions or DTCs exist that prevent the AdvanceTrac® and RSC® Control Inhibit systems from operating, DTCs C1963 and/or C1975 sets. This DTC is Warning usually set due to the steering wheel rotation sensor or the RCM being (cid:122) C1975 —IVD damaged or installed incorrectly. If DTCs are present from the RCM or Plausibility Failure PSCM , diagnose these DTCs first. a (cid:122) U0151 —Lost The RCM uses a dedicated communication bus to send information to the Communication with ABS module. If, during normal operation, the ABS module does not receive Restraints Control any information from the RCM for more than 250 milliseconds, DTC U0151 or Module (RCM) U0452 sets. U0151 monitors both the HS-CAN and the dedicated CAN (cid:122) U0452 —Invalid circuits. If the ABS module does not receive the RCM serial number, over the Data Received from HS-CAN , DTC U0151 sets. It also sets if the sensor data is not received over RCM the dedicated CAN from the RCM . These DTCs can also be caused by another module software update. CLEAR all module DTCs and carry out another self-test to recheck the system. a Interactive Vehicle Dynamics This

---
