# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 10sur 15

**Page:** 181 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 10sur 15 NOTE: Loaded runout measurements are the preferred method for verifying tire serviceability. While a dial indicator can be used to optimize the position of the tire on the wheel, the unloaded runout measurement cannot accurately determine if the tire should be removed from service. Use the following procedures if normal diagnostics leads to a potential runout issue. Some vehicles may exhibit a wheel and tire vibration caused by excessive runout. Radial runout measurements can be taken using a dial indicator and should be measured with the wheel and tire assembly mounted on a suitable wheel balancer. Make sure the dial indicator is mounted securely to eliminate gauge movement when measuring runout. 1. NOTE: Use only the Digital Tire Pressure Gauge any time tire pressures are measured to be sure that accurate values are obtained. Make sure the tire pressures are set to the correct pressure as indicated on the VC label. 2. Using a tire crayon, record the vehicle position on the inner sidewall of all 4 tires. 3. Remove the wheel and tire assemblies. Refer to Wheel and Tire in this section. 4. NOTICE: Make sure the correct wheel balancer adapters are used when mounting the assembly to the wheel balancer or damage to the wheel may occur. NOTE: Make sure the wheel and tire assembly is clean and free of foreign material prior to installation on the balancer. Mount the wheel and tire assembly on a suitable wheel balancer using the correct wheel balancer adapters as shown. Refer to the list of recommended wheel balancer adapters on the PTS website. Item Description 1 Wheel balancer 2 Cone 3 Wheel and tire assembly 4 Finger plate 5 Balancer wing nut 5. NOTE: Apply masking tape on the center tread rib to allow for a smoother measuring surface. Some fluctuation of the gauge reading is expected. Observe the overall sweep of the gauge from the highest to the lowest spot on the tire. Position the dial indicator and stand with the dial indicator on the center tread rib. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE244003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---