# PINPOINT TEST H: DTC U0121

**Page:** 846 | **Type:** text

PINPOINT TEST H: DTC U0121 Test Step Result / Action to Take H1 VERIFY THE CUSTOMER CONCERN (cid:122) Ignition ON. Yes (cid:122) Allow at least 10 seconds for all GO to H2 . modules to wake up and prove out. (cid:122) Verify that there is an observable No symptom present. The system is operating normally at this time. The (cid:122) Is an observable symptom present? DTC may have been set due to high network traffic or an intermittent fault condition. H2 CHECK THE COMMUNICATION NETWORK (cid:122) Using a scan tool, carry out the network Yes test. GO to H3 . (cid:122) Does the ABS module pass the network test? No REFER to Section 418-00 to diagnose the ABS module does not respond to the scan tool. H3 RETRIEVE ANY DTCs FROM THE TBC MODULE (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on Yes the scan tool: Self Test —TBC Module . For DTC B1317, GO to Pinpoint Test D . For DTC (cid:122) Is DTC U3003:16 (or B1318) or DTC B1318, GO to Pinpoint Test E . For the ABS module, U3003:17 (or B1317) recorded? REFER to Section 206-09 . No GO to H4 . H4 CHECK FOR DTC U0121:00 SET IN OTHER MODULES (cid:122) Clear the DTCs. Yes (cid:122) Ignition OFF. INSTALL a new ABS module. REFER to Section (cid:122) Wait at least 5 seconds to allow the TBC 206-09 . CLEAR the DTCs. REPEAT the ABS module to sleep (power down). module self-test. (cid:122) Ignition ON. (cid:122) Allow at least 10 seconds for all No modules to wake up and prove out. INSTALL a new TBC module. REFER to Trailer (cid:122) Using a scan tool, retrieve the Brake Control (TBC) Module in this section. TEST the continuous memory DTCs from the system for normal operation. following modules: file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE26A002.HTM~gen~ref.H... 2014-03-01

---