# General
**Page:** 213 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 10sur 18 Angle Adjustment . (cid:122) If concern is still present raise axle pinion using 1 degree shim with thick end rearward. REFER to, Driveline Angle Adjustment . (cid:122) Driveline vibration or moan (cid:122) Driveline angle (cid:122) Raise axle pinion replacing —occurs on deceleration out of 1 degree shim with a 2 above 45 mph with 2-piece specification degree shim with thick end driveshaft (unloaded), after rearward. REFER to, driveline angle adjustment Driveline Angle using 1 degree shim is Adjustment . installed with the thick end rearward (cid:122) Shudder on acceleration (cid:122) Driveline angle (cid:122) Lower the center bearing. from 10-25 mph under out of Driveline Angle medium to heavy throttle specification Adjustment . —after driveline angle adjustment using 1 degree shim is installed with the thick end rearward —with 2-piece driveshaft (unloaded) (cid:122) Driveline vibration — (cid:122) Worn U-joints (cid:122) CHECK for wear or occurs at cruising speeds incorrect seating. INSTALL new U-joints or driveshaft as necessary. REFER to Section 205-01 . (cid:122) Misalignment of (cid:122) REINSTALL driveshaft yellow dot on with yellow dots aligned driveshaft-to- plus or minus 1 bolt hole. yellow dot on REFER to Section 205- pinion flange plus 01 . or minus 1 bolt hole (cid:122) Worn or damaged (cid:122) CHECK the insulator for driveshaft center damage or wear. ROTATE bearing support the driveshaft and CHECK for rough operation. INSTALL a new driveshaft as necessary. REFER to Section 205-01 . (cid:122) Loose driveshaft- (cid:122) INSPECT the axle pinion to-axle pinion or flange. TIGHTEN the transmission pinion flange bolts to flange bolts specification. REFER to Section 205-01 . (cid:122) Excessive axle (cid:122) CARRY OUT a runout pinion flange check. REPAIR as runout necessary. REFER to Component Test in this section. (cid:122) Driveshaft is out- (cid:122) CHECK the driveshaft for of-balance damage, missing balance file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE250003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
