# General
**Page:** 137 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 3sur 5 (cid:122) Discard the nuts and the U-bolts. 5. For the LH spring, lower the fuel tank to gain access to the spring shackle-to-frame bolt. For additional information, refer to Section 310-01 . 6. For the RH spring, remove the muffler to gain access to the spring-to-frame bolt. For additional information, refer to Section 309-00 . 7. Remove and discard the spring-to-frame nut and bolt. 8. Remove and discard the spring shackle-to-frame nut and bolt. 9. NOTE: Only lower the axle enough to gain access to remove the spring. Lower the jack and remove the spring and shackle assembly. 10. If necessary, remove the spring-to-shackle nut, bolt and spring shackle. (cid:122) Discard the nut and bolt. Four-Wheel Drive (4WD) vehicles 11. Remove the Four-Wheel Drive (4WD) spring spacer. Installation 4WD vehicles NOTE: The SVT Raptor spring spacer must be positioned with the jounce bumper pad inboard and the arrow facing the front of the vehicle. All other vehicles, the arrow on the spring spacer must face toward the front of the vehicle according to the wheelbase application. Use specifications on spring spacer. 1. NOTE: The protrusion on the spring spacer should face toward the front of the vehicle on 157 inch wheelbase applications and face toward the rear on 126 inch wheelbase applications. Position the spring spacer and make sure that it is correctly seated between the axle and spring with the arrow pointed to the front of the vehicle according to the wheelbase application. All vehicles 2. If necessary, install a new shackle-to-spring bolt and nut. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE242006.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
