# Symptom Chart —Brake System

**Page:** 613 | **Type:** text

Symptom Chart —Brake System Condition Possible Sources Action (cid:122) The red brake (cid:122) DTCs in the ABS (cid:122) REFER to Section 206-09 to warning indicator module diagnose the ABS. and the yellow ABS warning indicator are illuminated (cid:122) The red brake (cid:122) Brake fluid level (cid:122) REFER to Section 413-01 to warning indicator is switch diagnose the red brake warning always/never on (cid:122) Parking brake indicator. switch (cid:122) Wiring, terminals or connectors (cid:122) Instrument Cluster (IC) (cid:122) Smart Junction Box (SJB) (cid:122) Vacuum sensor (cid:122) Electronic Brake Distribution (EBD) (cid:122) Vehicle pulls or (cid:122) Tires (cid:122) REFER to Section 204-04 to drifts during braking diagnose tire concerns. (cid:122) Brake calipers (cid:122) INSPECT the brake system and/or guide pins components. REFER to Brake (cid:122) Brake flexible System Inspection in this section. hose (cid:122) Brake pads (cid:122) Brake discs (cid:122) Suspension (cid:122) REFER to Section 204-00 to component(s) diagnose suspension system. and/or wheel alignment (cid:122) Brake pedal goes (cid:122) Brake fluid leaks (cid:122) INSPECT the system for leaks. down fast or eases and/or air in the REPAIR as necessary. BLEED down slowly system the system. REFER to Brake System Bleeding in this section. (cid:122) Brake master (cid:122) CARRY OUT the Brake Master cylinder Cylinder —Bypass Condition Component Test in this section. (cid:122) Hydraulic Control (cid:122) REFER to Section 206-09 to Unit (HCU) diagnose the HCU . (cid:122) Brakes lock up (cid:122) Brake pads (cid:122) INSPECT the brake system file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE260005.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---