# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 17sur 58

**Page:** 768 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 17sur 58 probe adapter(s) may damage the connector. Test Step Result / Action to Take C1 CHECK THE ABS PUMP MOTOR (cid:122) Ignition ON. Yes (cid:122) Is the ABS pump motor running all the time? INSTALL a new ABS module. REFER to Anti-Lock Brake System (ABS) Module in this section. TEST the system for normal operation. No GO to C2 . C2 CHECK THE ABS MODULE PUMP MOTOR (PMP_MOTOR) OUTPUT COMMAND (cid:122) Connect the scan tool. Yes (cid:122) Ignition ON. TOGGLE the PMP_MOTOR output (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan tool: command OFF. DataLogger —ABS Module . (cid:122) Toggle the PMP_MOTOR output command ON. CLEAR the DTCs. CHECK the yellow (cid:122) Does the ABS pump motor run for approximately ABS warning indicator while driving the 3 seconds? vehicle (the brakes must not be applied) above 32 km/h (20 mph). If the yellow ABS warning indicator illuminates, RETRIEVE the DTCs. If DTC C1300 is retrieved again, GO to C5 . If the yellow ABS warning indicator does not illuminate, the system is OK. No TOGGLE the PMP_MOTOR output command OFF. GO to C3 . C3 CHECK FOR VOLTAGE TO THE ABS MODULE (cid:122) Ignition OFF. Yes (cid:122) Disconnect: ABS Module C135 . GO to C4 . (cid:122) Ignition ON. (cid:122) Measure the voltage between ABS module C135-1, No circuit SBB47 (WH/RD), harness side and ground. VERIFY BJB fuse 47 (60A) is OK. If OK, REPAIR open in circuit SBB47 (WH/RD). If not OK, REPAIR the short circuit in circuit SBB47 (WH/RD). CLEAR the DTCs. REPEAT the self- test. (cid:122) Is the voltage greater than 10 volts? C4 CHECK THE ABS MODULE GROUND CIRCUIT FOR AN OPEN OR EXCESSIVE RESISTANCE file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE269003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---