# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 2sur 3

**Page:** 741 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 2sur 3 5 W520212 Brake master cylinder nut (2 required) 6 2140 Brake master cylinder assembly 7 2152 Brake master cylinder-to-booster seal 8 — Gasket (part of 2B022) 9 — Spacer 10 — Gasket (part of 2B022) 11 — Vacuum sensor electrical connector (part of 12A581) 12 3B476 Front axle vent hose Removal and Installation 1. Relieve the vacuum in the brake booster by pressing and releasing the brake pedal a minimum of 5 times with the engine not running. 2. Remove the Air Cleaner (ACL) element. For additional information, refer to Air Cleaner Element in Section 303-12 . 3. Remove the 2 bolts and position the coolant expansion tank/lower ACL housing assembly aside. (cid:122) To install, tighten bolts to 15 Nm (133 lb-in). 4. Disconnect the brake fluid level switch. 5. If equipped, position the vacuum sensor wiring harness and front axle vent hose aside. 6. NOTICE: When the master cylinder is removed, the piston will be exposed. Do not damage the piston or piston surface or a fluid leak may occur. Remove the 2 brake master cylinder nuts and position the master cylinder aside. (cid:122) Support the master cylinder with mechanic's wire. (cid:122) To install, tighten the nuts to 25 Nm (18 lb-ft). 7. NOTE: To allow proper drainage of any moisture, the vacuum sensor must be installed in the same position and orientation as removed. Disconnect the vacuum sensor assembly from the brake booster. 8. NOTICE: Do not service the brake pedal or brake booster without first removing the stoplamp switch. This switch must be removed with the brake pedal in the at-rest position. The switch plunger must be compressed for the switch to rotate in the bracket. Attempting to remove the switch when the plunger is extended (during pedal apply) will result in damage to the switch. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE267004.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---