# General
**Page:** 756 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 5sur 58 (30 mph), traction control returns to the state the driver had originally selected, either on or off. The functions cannot be disabled when a MyKey® restricted key is in use with the AdvanceTrac® always-on feature configured to on. If an attempt is made to disable the ESC system while a MyKey® restricted key is in use, ADVTRAC ON MY KEY SETTING displays in the IPC message center. For information about MyKey®, refer to Section 419-01B . Stability/Traction Control Indicators Both the stability/traction control indicator (sliding car icon) and the stability/traction control disabled indicator (sliding car OFF icon) alert the driver of stability/traction control system status. When certain stability control system DTC(s) are present, the ABS module sends a message to the IPC over the HS-CAN . Depending on the nature of the DTC(s), the IPC responds by either solidly illuminating 1 or both icons or by flashing the icon(s) once every 2 seconds. When a stability/traction control event is taking place, the ABS module sends a message to the IPC over the HS-CAN to flash the sliding car icon twice per second. When the driver disables the stability/traction control system by using the traction control switch, the IPC receives a ground signal from the switch and then sends a message over the HS-CAN indicating that the driver has requested the system be deactivated and illuminates the sliding car OFF icon. Stability Control Sensors The stability control sensors provide information to the ABS module for the operation of the ESC function, RSC® function (if equipped), hill start assist system and the Hill Descent Control™ system (if equipped). The stability control sensors are housed in the RCM and are serviced with the module. The sensors used for stability control include the yaw rate sensor, the lateral accelerometer, the longitudinal accelerometer and (if equipped with RSC® ) the roll rate sensor. Sensor information is sent to the ABS module over a private HS- CAN . Steering Wheel Sensor Information For the 6.2L engine, the steering wheel rotation sensor uses an optical sensor and a slotted wheel to measure the rate of rotation (angle) of the steering wheel. The steering wheel rotation sensor uses the HS- CAN to transmit information to the ABS module about steering wheel turning direction (left or right) and how far the steering wheel is being turned. The steering wheel rotation sensor does not indicate the absolute position of the steering wheel relative to straight-ahead. The ABS module learns this position by comparing the steering wheel position with other signals and storing the position it has learned. The module confirms this position and modifies it as necessary during every new driving cycle. For all other applications, the steering wheel rotation sensor is part of the EPAS system and is located inside the PSCM . The sensor is serviced with the PSCM . The PSCM uses the HS-CAN to transmit information to the ABS module about steering wheel turning direction (left or right) and how far it is being turned. The PSCM does not indicate the absolute position of the steering wheel relative to straight-ahead. The ABS module learns this position by comparing the steering wheel position with other signals and storing the position it has learned. The ABS module confirms this position and modifies it as necessary during every new driving cycle. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE269003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
