# General
**Page:** 751 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 4sur 4 remaining activated up to 64 km/h (40 mph). At speeds greater than 64 km/h (40 mph), the Hill Descent Control™ system is deactivated. When Hill Descent Control™ is active, a rumble or grinding sound may be heard and/or felt. Traction Control Switch The stability/traction control switch can be used by the driver to disable and enable the traction control, ESC and RSC® functions. Refer to the Owner's Literature for instructions on disabling and enabling the traction control, ESC and RSC® functions. The conventional ABS cannot be disabled using the stability/traction control switch. Stability/Traction Control Indicators The IPC message center is a reconfigurable telltale which is capable of displaying a variety of different messages and indicators such as the stability/traction control indicator (sliding car icon), stability/traction control disabled indicator (sliding car OFF icon), the 4WD mode/range or door open messages. For information about the IPC , refer to Section 413-01 . There are 2 separate stability/traction control indicators, the sliding car icon and the sliding car OFF icon. Both icons are located in the IPC message center. The sliding car icon is used to alert the driver that a stability/traction event is taking place (flashes twice per second) and to alert the driver of potential concerns in the AdvanceTrac® system (illuminates continuously). The sliding car OFF icon is used to alert the driver that the traction control portion of the AdvanceTrac® system has been disabled by the driver. This icon only illuminates continuously and does not flash. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE269002.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
