# General
**Page:** 153 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 1sur 19 SECTION 204-04: Wheels and Tires 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual DIAGNOSIS AND TESTING Procedure revision date: 10/25/2013 Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) Special Tool(s) Activation Tool, Tire Pressure Monitor 204-363 Digital Tire Pressure Gauge 204-354 Vehicle Communication Module (VCM) and Integrated Diagnostic System (IDS) software with appropriate hardware, or equivalent scan tool Principles of Operation chemicals if exposed to extreme mechanical damage. If these chemicals contact the skin or eyes, flush immediately with water for a minimum of 15 minutes and get prompt medical attention. If any part of the battery is swallowed, contact a physician immediately. When disposing of TPMS sensors, follow the correct procedures for hazardous material disposal. Failure to follow these instructions may result in serious personal injury. The Tire Pressure Monitor (TPM) module monitors the tire pressure of all 4 road tires. The wheel-mounted tire pressure sensors transmit signals via radio frequency to the TPM module. The TPM module is a radio receiver that collects the tire pressure data from the tire pressure sensors. The TPMS sensor radio transmissions are sent once approximately every 60 seconds when the vehicle speed exceeds 32 km/h (20 mph). The data is then sent to the Body Control Module (BCM) where a predetermined pass/fail criteria is applied. The BCM compares each TPMS sensor transmission against a low-pressure limit. If it has been determined that the tire pressure has fallen below this limit, the BCM communicates this on the vehicle communication bus to the Instrument Panel Cluster (IPC). The IPC then illuminates the TPMS warning indicator and displays the appropriate message(s) in the message center. Ambient Temperature Change and Tire Pressure Tire pressures fluctuate with temperature changes. For this reason, tire pressure must be set to specification file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE244004.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
