# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 1sur 8

**Page:** 619 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 1sur 8 SECTION 206-00: Brake System —General Information 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual GENERAL PROCEDURES Procedure revision date: 11/01/2013 Brake System Bleeding General Equipment Brake/Clutch System Pressure Bleeder/Filler Fluid Container and Hose Pressure specification. Additionally, do not use brake fluid that has been previously drained. Following these instructions will help prevent system contamination, brake component damage and the risk of serious personal injury. information seek medical advice. In the USA or Canada on Ford/Motorcraft products call: 1-800-959- 3673. For additional information, consult the product Material Safety Data Sheet (MSDS) if available. Failure to follow these instructions may result in serious personal injury. Master cylinder may be damaged if operated without fluid, resulting in degraded braking performance. Failure to follow this instruction may result in serious personal injury. NOTICE: Do not spill brake fluid on painted or plastic surfaces or damage to the surface may occur. If brake fluid is spilled onto a painted or plastic surface, immediately wash the surface with water. NOTE: Pressure bleeding the brake system is preferred to manual bleeding. NOTE: The HCU bleeding procedure must be carried out if a new HCU has been installed. All Vehicles 1. NOTE: Make sure the area around the master cylinder cap is clean and free of foriegn material. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE260010.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---