# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 51sur 58

**Page:** 802 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 51sur 58 Supplemental Restraint System (SRS) Depowering and No Repowering in Section 501-20B . REPAIR or INSTALL new as (cid:122) Inspect the Restraints Control Module (RCM) necessary. REPOWER the SRS . installation and make sure that the fasteners are fully REFER to Supplemental Restraint seated and tightened correctly. Refer to RCM in Section System (SRS) Depowering and 501-20B . Repowering in Section 501-20B . (cid:122) Inspect the mounting surface for damage, corrosion or CLEAR all CMDTCs . PERFORM a foreign material. road test. REPEAT the self test. (cid:122) Is the RCM installed correctly and is the mounting surface clean and free from damage? P13 CHECK FOR AN INTERMITTENT FAULT (cid:122) Disconnect: RCM C310A and C310B . Yes (cid:122) Disconnect: ABS module C135 . INSTALL a new RCM . REFER to (cid:132) inspect connector(s) (including any in-line Section 501-20B . CLEAR all connectors) for corrosion, loose or spread CMDTCs . PERFORM a road test. terminals and loose or frayed wire connections at REPEAT the self test. If the concern terminals. is still present, GO to P14 . If other (cid:132) inspect wire harness for any damage, pinched, DTCs are present, REFER to the cut or pierced wires. appropriate DTC chart. (cid:132) repair any concerns found. No The fault is not present and cannot be Refer to Wiring Diagrams Cell 5 , Connector Repair Procedures for schematic and connector recreated at this time. Do not install information. any new SRS components at this time. SRS components should only be installed when directed to do so (cid:122) Connect: All Previously Disconnected Component in the pinpoint test. (s)/Connector(s) . (cid:122) Repower the SRS . Do not prove out the SRS at this time. Refer to Supplemental Restraint System (SRS) Depowering and Repowering in Section 501-20B . (cid:122) Perform a road test. (cid:122) Ignition ON. (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan tool: Self Test —ABS Module . (cid:122) Is the concern still present? P14 CHECK THE ABS MODULE FOR CORRECT OPERATION (cid:122) Depower the SRS . Refer to Supplemental Restraint Yes System (SRS) Depowering and Repowering in Section INSTALL a new ABS module. REFER 501-20B . to Anti-Lock Brake System (ABS) (cid:122) Prior to reconnecting any previously disconnected SRS Module in this section. component: (cid:132) inspect connector(s) (including any in-line No connectors) for pushed-out, loose or spread The system is operating correctly at terminals and loose or frayed wire connections at this time. The concern may have terminals. been caused by a loose or corroded (cid:132) inspect wire harness for any damage, pinched, connector. cut or pierced wires. (cid:132) inspect RCM C310A and C310B CPA lever/lock for correct operation. Refer to RCM in Section 501-20B . (cid:132) inspect ABS module C135 for dirt, corrosion, water intrusion, pushed-out, loose or spread terminals and loose or frayed wire connections at terminals. (cid:132) repair any concerns found. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE269003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---