# General
**Page:** 614 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 2sur 4 under light brake (cid:122) Brake flexible components. REFER to Brake pedal force hose System Inspection in this section. (cid:122) Brake disc (cid:122) Brake calipers and/or guide pins (cid:122) ABS (cid:122) REFER to Section 206-09 to diagnose the ABS. (cid:122) Excessive brake (cid:122) Brake fluid leaks (cid:122) INSPECT the system for leaks. pedal travel and/or air in the REPAIR as necessary. BLEED (low/spongy pedal) system the system. REFER to Brake System Bleeding in this section. (cid:122) Brake master (cid:122) CARRY OUT the Brake Master cylinder Cylinder —Bypass Condition Component Test in this section. (cid:122) Brake calipers (cid:122) INSPECT the brake calipers and and/or guide pins guide pins. REFER to Brake System Inspection in this section. (cid:122) Brake flexible (cid:122) INSPECT the brake flexible hose hoses during brake application. REFER to Brake System Inspection in this section. (cid:122) HCU (cid:122) REFER to Section 206-09 to diagnose the HCU . (cid:122) Erratic brake pedal (cid:122) Brake pedal (cid:122) INSPECT the brake pedal for travel binding, obstructions and correct connection to booster rod. REPAIR as necessary. CHECK the brake pedal fasteners for correct torque. REFER to Specifications in Section 206-06 . (cid:122) ABS (cid:122) REFER to Section 206-09 to diagnose the ABS. (cid:122) Brakes drag (cid:122) Stoplamp switch (cid:122) VERIFY correct installation of the stoplamp switch. REFER to Section 417-01 . (cid:122) Parking brake (cid:122) REFER to Section 206-05 to component diagnose the parking brake system. (cid:122) Brake caliper (cid:122) INSPECT the brake caliper and and/or guide pins guide pins. REFER to Brake System Inspection in this section. (cid:122) Brake (cid:122) CARRY OUT the Brake Master booster/Master Cylinder —Compensator Port cylinder Component Test in this section. (cid:122) HCU (cid:122) REFER to Section 206-09 to diagnose the HCU . (cid:122) Excessive brake (cid:122) Insufficient engine (cid:122) CARRY OUT the Brake Booster pedal effort vacuum for brake Component Test in this section. booster operation (cid:122) If any DTCs are retrieved for the (cid:122) Brake booster brake vacuum pump, resolve manifold vacuum them first before attempting any hose base brake repairs. (cid:122) Brake booster file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE260005.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
