# General
**Page:** 813 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 2sur 3 Removal and Installation specification. Additionally, do not use brake fluid that has been previously drained. Following these instructions will help prevent system contamination, brake component damage and the risk of serious personal injury. information seek medical advice. In the USA or Canada on Ford/Motorcraft products call: 1-800-959- 3673. For additional information, consult the product Material Safety Data Sheet (MSDS) if available. Failure to follow these instructions may result in serious personal injury. NOTICE: Do not spill brake fluid on painted or plastic surfaces or damage to the surface may occur. If brake fluid is spilled onto a painted or plastic surface, immediately wash the surface with water. NOTICE: Electronic modules are sensitive to electrical charges. The ABS module can be damaged if exposed to these charges. NOTICE: Do not allow brake fluid or other contaminates to drip onto the ABS module or into the electrical connector. Contamination may cause a permanent failure to occur. NOTE: The Hydraulic Control Unit (HCU) bracket does not have to be removed in order to complete this procedure. 1. Remove the Air Cleaner (ACL) outlet pipe. For additional information, refer to Section 303-12 . 2. NOTE: The brake tubes must be installed in the same location as removed. Remove the 4 brake tube-to-HCU fittings. (cid:122) To install, tighten to 20 Nm (177 lb-in). 3. Disconnect the master cylinder primary and secondary brake tube-to-HCU fittings. (cid:122) To install, tighten the master cylinder primary brake tube-to-HCU fitting to 28 Nm (21 lb-ft). (cid:122) To install, tighten the master cylinder secondary tube brake tube-to-HCU fitting to 20 Nm (177 lb-in). 4. Loosen the 2 HCU -to-bracket nuts and remove the HCU . (cid:122) To install, tighten to 8 Nm (71 lb-in). 5. To install, reverse the removal procedure. (cid:122) Bleed the brake system. For additional information, refer to Section 206-00 . file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE269005.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
