# General
**Page:** 678 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

PINPOINT TEST B: THE PARKING BRAKE DOES NOT RELEASE AND/OR PARKING BRAKE SHOES DRAG Test Step Result / Action to Take B1 CHECK THE PARKING BRAKE CONTROL RELEASE HANDLE AND CABLE (cid:122) Verify that the release handle and cable are Yes connected to the parking brake control. GO to B2 . (cid:122) Are the release handle and cable connected? No CONNECT the handle and cable. TEST the system for normal operation. B2 CHECK THE REAR PARKING BRAKE CABLES (cid:122) Disconnect the LH cable from the RH conduit Yes equalizer. GO to B3 . (cid:122) Disconnect the front parking brake cable from the RH rear parking brake cable at the cable union. No INSTALL new rear brake cable(s). REFER to Parking Brake Cable — Rear, LH or Parking Brake Cable — Rear, RH in this section. TEST the system for normal operation. (cid:122) Disconnect the rear parking brake cables from the parking brake actuating levers. (cid:122) While holding the rear cable conduit, attempt to slide the rear cable inside the conduit. (cid:122) Does the cable slide freely inside the conduit? B3 CHECK THE REAR PARKING BRAKE SHOES AND HARDWARE (cid:122) Remove the rear brake disc. Refer to Section 206-04 . Yes (cid:122) Inspect the parking brake shoes, hardware and GO to B4 . backing plate. (cid:122) Are the shoes, hardware and backing plate in No good condition? INSTALL new components as file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE265003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
