# General
**Page:** 216 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 13sur 18 The axle shaft must turn with even pressure throughout the check without slipping or binding. If the torque reading is less than specified, check the differential case for incorrect assembly. Traction-Lok Differential Check Road Test 1. Place one wheel on a dry surface and the other wheel on ice, mud or snow. 2. Gradually open the throttle to obtain maximum traction prior to break away. The ability to move the vehicle demonstrates correct performance of a Traction-Lok rear axle assembly. 3. When starting with one wheel on an excessively slippery surface, a slight application of the parking brake may be necessary to help energize the Traction-Lok feature of the differential. Release the brake when traction is established. Use light throttle on starting to provide maximum traction. 4. If, with unequal traction, both wheels slip, the limited slip rear axle has done all it can possibly do. 5. In extreme cases of differences in traction, the wheel with the least traction may spin after the Traction-Lok has transferred as much torque as possible to the non-slipping wheel. Torsen® Differential Check Road Test 1. Place one wheel on a dry surface and the other wheel on ice, mud or snow. 2. Gradually open the throttle to obtain maximum traction prior to break away. The ability to move the vehicle demonstrates correct performance of a Torsen® front axle assembly. 3. When starting with one wheel on an excessively slippery surface, a slight application of the parking brake may be necessary to help energize the Torsen® feature of the differential. Release the brake file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE250003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
