# General
**Page:** 798 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

pinpoint test step. Failure to follow this instruction may result in incorrect diagnosis of the SRS . NOTE: The SRS must be fully operational and free of faults before releasing the vehicle to the customer. Test Step Result / Action to Take P1 CHECK FOR A HS-CAN COMMUNICATION CONCERN WITH THE RCM OR PSCM (cid:122) Connect the scan tool. Yes (cid:122) Ignition ON. GO to P2 . (cid:122) NOTE: The Network Test does not test the dedicated CAN communications between the ABS module and No RCM . REFER to Section 418-00 to (cid:122) Using a scan tool, carry out a Network Test. diagnose the High Speed Controller (cid:122) Does the RCM and PSCM pass the Network Test? Area Network (HS-CAN) bus. P2 CHECK FOR RCM AND PSCM DTCs (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan tool: Yes Self Test —RCM . For RCM DTCs, REFER to Section (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan tool: 501-20B . Self Test —PSCM . (cid:122) Are any RCM or PSCM DTCs retrieved on-demand For PSCM DTCs, REFER to Section self-test? 211-00A . No If only one of the following ABS module DTCs C1280, C1282, C1516, C2770 was retrieved, GO to P3 . If more than one ABS module DTC C1280, C1282, C1516, C2770 was retrieved, GO to P7 . For DTCs U0151 and U0452, GO to P7 . For all other DTCs, GO to P3 . P3 CHECK THE ABS MODULE YAW RATE (YAW_RATE_2) PID (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan tool: Yes Data Logger —ABS Module . GO to P4 . (cid:122) NOTE: The vehicle must be on level ground and at a complete standstill. Any vehicle movement results in No false values for this test. GO to P12 . (cid:122) Monitor the YAW_RATE_2 PID. (cid:122) Is the YAW_RATE_2 PID value between -3.5 and 3.5? file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE269003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
