# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 4sur 6

**Page:** 677 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 4sur 6 GO to A7 . (cid:122) Press the parking brake control pedal. (cid:122) Does the parking brake control pedal move? A6 ISOLATE THE REAR PARKING BRAKE CABLES (cid:122) Disconnect the LH cable from the RH conduit Yes equalizer. INSPECT the parking brake shoes, (cid:122) Disconnect the rear parking brake cables from the hardware and backing plate. INSTALL parking brake actuating levers. new components as necessary. (cid:122) While holding the cable conduit, attempt to slide the REFER to Parking Brake Shoes in this cable inside the conduit. section. TEST the system for normal (cid:122) Does the cable slide freely inside the conduit? operation. No INSTALL new rear brake cable(s). REFER to Parking Brake Cable — Rear, LH or Parking Brake Cable — Rear, RH in this section. TEST the system for normal operation. A7 ISOLATE THE FRONT PARKING BRAKE CABLE (cid:122) NOTE: The parking brake control take-up spool tab Yes may need to be bent aside to allow the cable to be INSTALL a new parking brake control. removed. REFER to Parking Brake Control in this (cid:122) Disconnect the front parking brake cable and conduit section. TEST the system for normal from the parking brake control. operation. No INSTALL a new front parking brake cable. REFER to Parking Brake Cable —Front in this section. TEST the system for normal operation. (cid:122) While holding the cable conduit, attempt to slide the cable inside the conduit. (cid:122) Does the cable slide freely inside the conduit?

---