# Inspection and Verification in this section.

**Page:** 764 | **Type:** text

Inspection and Verification in this section. Test Step Result / Action to Take A1 RETRIEVE ALL CMDTC IN ALL MODULES (cid:122) Ignition ON. Yes (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan tool: Self Test REFER to Section 414-00 for —All CMDTCs . diagnosis of the battery and (cid:122) Is DTC B1317, B1318 or B1676 present in one or more charging system. modules AND P0563, P0620, P0625, P0626 or P065B present in the PCM? No GO to A2 . A2 CHECK BATTERY CONDITION (cid:122) Ignition OFF. Yes (cid:122) Carry out the Battery —Condition Test. Refer to Section 414- If the battery passed the 01 . condition test but required a (cid:122) Does the battery pass the condition test? recharge, REFER to Section 414-00 to diagnose the charging system. CLEAR all CMDTCs . TEST the system for normal operation. If the battery passed the condition test and did not require a recharge, GO to A3 . No INSTALL a new battery. REFER to Section 414-01 . CLEAR all CMDTCs . TEST the system for normal operation. A3 CHECK CHARGING SYSTEM VOLTAGE Yes NOTE: Do not allow the engine speed to increase above GO to A4 . 2,000 rpm while carrying out this step or the generator can self excite and result in default charging system output voltage. If No engine speed goes above 2,000 rpm, shut the vehicle off and REFER to Section 414-00 to restart the engine before carrying out this step. diagnose the charging system. (cid:122) Start the engine. CLEAR all CMDTCs . TEST (cid:122) Measure the voltage of the battery with and without a load on the system for normal the charging system as follows: operation. (cid:132) Turn off all accessories and run the engine at 1,500 rpm for a minimum of 2 minutes while measuring battery voltage. (cid:132) Turn the headlights on and the HVAC fan on high and run engine at 1,500 rpm for a minimum of 2 minutes while measuring battery voltage. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE269003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---