# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 9sur 18

**Page:** 212 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 9sur 18 unloaded) after driveline specification with a 2 degree shim with angle adjustment using 1 thick end forward. REFER degree shim to, Driveline Angle Adjustment . (cid:122) Driveline vibration or moan (cid:122) Driveline angle (cid:122) MEASURE and ADJUST —occurs on deceleration out of the driveline angles as (coast down) above 45 specification necessary. REFER to mph with 1-piece Driveline Angle driveshaft (loaded or Measurement , Driveline unloaded) Angle Adjustment . (cid:122) If concern is still present raise axle pinion using 1 degree shim with thick end rearward. REFER to, Driveline Angle Adjustment . (cid:122) Driveline vibration or moan (cid:122) Driveline angle (cid:122) Raise axle pinion replacing —occurs on deceleration out of 1 degree shim with a 2 (coast down) above 45 specification degree shim with thick end mph with 1-piece rearward. REFER to, driveshaft (loaded or Driveline Angle unloaded) after driveline Adjustment . angle adjustment using 1 degree shim (cid:122) Shudder on acceleration (cid:122) Driveline angle (cid:122) MEASURE and ADJUST from 10-25 mph under out of the driveline angles as medium to heavy throttle specification necessary. REFER to —with 2-piece driveshaft Driveline Angle (loaded or unloaded) Measurement , Driveline Angle Adjustment . (cid:122) If concern is still present lower axle pinion using 1 degree shim with thick end forward. REFER to, Driveline Angle Adjustment . (cid:122) Shudder on acceleration (cid:122) Driveline angle (cid:122) Lower axle pinion from 10-25 mph under out of replacing 1 degree shim medium to heavy throttle specification with a 2 degree shim with —with 2-piece driveshaft thick end forward. REFER (loaded or unloaded) after to, Driveline Angle driveline angle adjustment Adjustment . using 1 degree shim (cid:122) Driveline vibration or moan (cid:122) Driveline angle (cid:122) Lower the center bearing. —occurs on deceleration out of Driveline Angle above 45 mph with 2-piece specification Adjustment . driveshaft (loaded or unloaded), after driveline angle adjustment using 1 degree shim is installed with the thick end forward (cid:122) Driveline vibration or moan (cid:122) Driveline angle (cid:122) MEASURE and ADJUST —occurs on deceleration out of the driveline angles as above 45 mph with 2-piece specification necessary. REFER to driveshaft (loaded or Driveline Angle unloaded) Measurement , Driveline file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE250003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---