# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 19sur 24

**Page:** 845 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 19sur 24 Test Step Result / Action to Take G1 VERIFY THE SCAN TOOL CAN COMMUNICATE WITH THE PCM (cid:122) Ignition ON. Yes (cid:122) Allow at least 10 seconds for all modules to GO to G2 . wake up and prove out. (cid:122) Verify that a vehicle session can be No established with a scan tool. REFER to Section 418-00 to diagnose no (cid:122) Can a vehicle session be established? communication with the PCM. G2 CHECK THE TBC MODULE CONTINUOUS MEMORY DTCs (cid:122) Ignition ON. Yes (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the GO to G3 . scan tool: Self Test —TBC Module . (cid:122) Clear the DTCs. Repeat the TBC module No self-test. Record all TBC module DTCs. The system is operating correctly at this time. The (cid:122) Is DTC U0100 retrieved again? DTC may have been set due to high network traffic or an intermittent fault condition. G3 RETRIEVE THE RECORDED DTCs FROM THE TBC MODULE SELF-TEST (cid:122) Check for recorded TBC module DTCs from Yes the previous self-test. For DTC B1317, GO to Pinpoint Test D . For DTC (cid:122) Is DTC B1317 or DTC B1318 recorded? B1318, GO to Pinpoint Test E . No GO to G4 . G4 RETRIEVE THE RECORDED DTCs FROM THE PCM SELF-TEST (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the Yes scan tool: Self Test —PCM Key ON Engine REFER to Section 303-14 . OFF (KOEO) . (cid:122) Is DTC P0562 or DTC P0563 recorded? No GO to G5 . G5 CHECK FOR DTC U0100:00 SET IN OTHER MODULES (cid:122) Using a scan tool, retrieve the continuous Yes memory DTCs from the following modules: INSTALL a new PCM. REFER to Section 303-14 . (cid:132) Accessory Protocol Interface Module (APIM) (if equipped) (cid:132) BCM No (cid:132) Instrument Panel Cluster (IPC) INSTALL a new TBC module. REFER to Trailer (cid:132) Occupant Classification System Brake Control (TBC) Module in this section. TEST Module (OCSM) the system for normal operation. (cid:132) Power Steering Control Module (PSCM) (if equipped) (cid:132) Restraints Control Module (RCM) (cid:132) Transfer Case Control Module (TCCM) (if equipped) (cid:122) Is DTC U0100:00 set in any of these modules?

---