# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 57sur 58

**Page:** 808 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 57sur 58 S2 BLEED THE BRAKE SYSTEM (cid:122) Bleed the HCU . Refer to Section 206-00 . Yes (cid:122) Test drive the vehicle and verify vehicle The brake system is operating correctly. The tracking during an ABS stop. concern may have been caused by air in the (cid:122) Does the vehicle track correctly during hydraulic system or a sticky valve. an ABS stop? No GO to S3 . S3 CHECK THE ABS INLET VALVE (CLOSED POSITION) (cid:122) Connect the scan tool. Yes (cid:122) Ignition ON. TOGGLE the LF_INLET active command OFF. (cid:122) With the vehicle in NEUTRAL, position it on INSTALL a new HCU . REFER to Hydraulic a hoist. Refer to Section 100-02 . Control Unit (HCU) in this section. TEST the (cid:122) Rotate all the wheels to make sure they system for normal operation. rotate freely (the transmission must be in NEUTRAL). No (cid:122) Apply moderate brake pedal effort. TOGGLE the LF_INLET active command OFF. (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the GO to S4 . scan tool: DataLogger —ABS Module . (cid:122) Toggle the left front inlet valve (LF_INLET) active command ON and at the same time, have an assistant attempt to rotate the LF wheel. (cid:122) Does the LF wheel rotate? S4 CHECK THE ABS INLET VALVE (OPEN POSITION) (cid:122) Apply moderate brake pedal effort. Yes (cid:122) Have an assistant attempt to rotate the LF INSTALL a new HCU . REFER to Hydraulic wheel. Control Unit (HCU) in this section. TEST the (cid:122) Does the LF wheel rotate? system for normal operation. No GO to S5 . S5 CHECK THE ABS OUTPUT VALVE (OPEN POSITION) (cid:122) Apply moderate brake pedal effort. Yes (cid:122) Toggle the left front outlet valve TOGGLE all active commands OFF. INSTALL a (LF_OUTLET) and the LF_INLET active new HCU . REFER to Hydraulic Control Unit commands ON and, at the same time, have (HCU) in this section. TEST the system for normal an assistant attempt to rotate the LF wheel. operation. (cid:122) Does the LF wheel rotate? No TOGGLE all active commands OFF. GO to S6 . S6 CHECK THE ABS INLET AND OUTLET VALVE (CLOSED POSITION) (cid:122) Apply moderate brake pedal effort. Yes (cid:122) Have an assistant attempt to rotate the LF INSTALL a new HCU . REFER to Hydraulic wheel. Control Unit (HCU) in this section. TEST the (cid:122) Does the LF wheel rotate? system for normal operation. No REPEAT this procedure (GO to S3 ) for the RF, LR and RR wheels using the appropriate active file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE269003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---