# General
**Page:** 6 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 6sur 11 damaged stabilizer bar bushing(s) or link(s) (cid:122) Rear leaf spring (cid:122) NOTE: To avoid the re- or bushing occurrence of noise, make contaminated sure that all contamination with dirt, sand and moisture trapped or mud between the individual leaf spring components have been completely removed. (cid:122) NOTE: Do not apply any lubricant or grease to the leaf springs as this will attract dirt and moisture. PRESSURE WASH the leaf springs between the individual spring leafs and the gaps between the spring bushings, mounting brackets and shackles to remove any trapped debris. USE compressed (shop) air to remove any remaining debris and to completely dry between all of the individual spring components. (cid:122) Shudder —occurs during (cid:122) Incorrect ride (cid:122) REFER to Section 205-00 acceleration from a slow height causing for driveline angle diagnosis. speed or stop incorrect driveline angle (cid:122) Shimmy (cid:122) Loose wheel nut (cid:122) TIGHTEN the nut(s) to (s) specification. REFER to Section 204-04 . (cid:122) Loose front (cid:122) TIGHTEN the fastener(s) to suspension specification. Refer to the fastener(s) appropriate section in Group 204 for the procedure. (cid:122) Loose front (cid:122) INSPECT the front wheel wheel bearing bearing(s). INSTALL new (s) bearing(s) as necessary. Refer to the appropriate section in Group 204 for the procedure. (cid:122) Shock absorber (cid:122) INSTALL new shock (s) absorbers as necessary. Refer to the appropriate section in Group 204 for the procedure. (cid:122) Shimmy —most noticeable (cid:122) Excessive (cid:122) CHECK the wheel on coast/deceleration. Also positive caster alignment. REFER to hard steering condition Camber and Caster Adjustment in this section. ADJUST as necessary. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE240003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
