# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 28sur 58

**Page:** 779 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 28sur 58 (cid:122) Are the resistances less than 5 ohms? E7 CHECK THE WHEEL SPEED SENSOR AND MOUNTING (cid:122) With the vehicle in NEUTRAL, position it on a hoist. Yes Refer to Section 100-02 . GO to E9 . (cid:122) NOTE: Use a good light source and carefully examine the wheel speed sensor wire. Failure to verify damage No in the wheel speed sensor wire can lead to TIGHTEN the wheel speed sensor to unnecessary installation of a new component. specification. REFER to Specifications (cid:122) Inspect the wheel speed sensor for looseness. in this section. CLEAR the DTCs. GO to (cid:122) Is the wheel speed sensor and mounting OK? E8 . E8 RECHECK THE WHEEL SPEED SENSOR PIDs (cid:122) While driving the vehicle at a constant speed, monitor Yes the following PIDs: The vehicle is OK. The concern may (cid:132) Left Front Wheel Speed (LF_WSPD) have been caused by a loose wheel (cid:132) Right Front Wheel Speed (RF_WSPD) speed sensor. (cid:132) Left Rear Wheel Speed (LR_WSPD) (cid:132) Right Rear Wheel Speed (RR_WSPD) No (cid:122) Are all the wheel speed sensor PID values GO to E9 . similar? E9 CHECK THE WHEEL SPEED SENSOR(S) FOR DAMAGE (cid:122) Ignition OFF. Yes (cid:122) With the vehicle in NEUTRAL, position it on a hoist. For DTC C1296 or C1297, INSTALL a Refer to Section 100-02 . new wheel hub and bearing (wheel (cid:122) Remove the wheel speed sensor. Refer to Wheel speed sensor tone rings are part of the Speed Sensor —Front or Wheel Speed Sensor — wheel hub and bearing assembly). Rear in this section. REFER to Section 204-01A or Section (cid:122) NOTE: Use a good light source and carefully examine 204-01B . For DTC C1298 or C1299, the wheel speed sensor wire. Failure to verify damage INSTALL a new wheel speed sensor in the wheel speed sensor wire can lead to tone ring. REFER to Wheel Speed unnecessary installation of a new component. Sensor Ring —Rear in this section. (cid:122) Inspect the wheel speed sensor and attached wire CLEAR the DTCs. REPEAT the self- harness for general damage. test. (cid:122) Is the wheel speed sensor and harness OK? No INSTALL a new wheel speed sensor. REFER to Wheel Speed Sensor — Front or Wheel Speed Sensor —Rear in this section. CLEAR the DTC. REPEAT the self-test. E10 CHECK THE ABS MODULE CONFIGURATION (cid:122) Verify that the tires are the correct size for the vehicle Yes and inflated to the specified pressures as indicated on GO to E11 . the Vehicle Certification (VC) label. (cid:122) Carry out the ABS module configuration. Verify that No the vehicle data matches the vehicle options. Refer to The system is operating correctly at this Programmable Module Installation (PMI) in Section time. The concern may have been 418-01 . caused by an incorrectly configured (cid:122) Clear the DTCs. Carry out the ABS module on- ABS module. demand self-test. (cid:122) Is DTC C1222 still present? E11 CHECK FOR CORRECT ABS MODULE OPERATION file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE269003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---