# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 2sur 24

**Page:** 828 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 2sur 24 pedal position. The TBC module receives the stoplamp switch and the brake torque information over the High Speed Controller Area Network (HS-CAN) from the PCM. The TBC module receives information through the HS-CAN . These inputs are from the PCM, the Instrument Panel Cluster (IPC) and the ABS module. The Body Control Module (BCM) also sends ignition state, park lamp status and illumination dimming level data to the TBC module. The information sent from the TBC module is passed to the IPC and is displayed on the message center. To adjust the gain setting up or down, the TBC module faceplate provides the driver with control buttons which determine the maximum power output. The TBC module faceplate also provides a manual control lever to manually apply the trailer brakes, independent of the vehicle brakes, to calibrate the gain setting to the specific trailer loading and road conditions. When the manual control lever is activated with a trailer connected to the vehicle, the trailer stoplamps and the vehicle stoplamps (except the center high mount stoplamp) illuminate. If a trailer is not connected and the manual control lever is activated, the vehicle still illuminates the vehicle stoplamps (except the center high mount stoplamp). Trailer Brake Control (TBC) Module Wake Up NOTE: These conditions require that a trailer not be connected to the trailer tow connector. The following conditions describe the normal operation of the TBC module at start up. When the ignition key is in the RUN position and the manual lever is set all the way to the left with a gain of 10, the message center should display TRAILER DISCONNECTED. At the same time, with the vehicle stationary, battery voltage should be present at pin 3 of the trailer tow connector. When not braking the TBC module sends a voltage pulse every 4 seconds to pin 3 of the trailer tow connector to determine whether a trailer is connected to the trailer tow connector. Instrument Panel Cluster (IPC) Configuration For Trailer Brake Control (TBC) Functionality The same IPC is used for vehicles with and without the TBC option. TBC functionality is enabled or disabled using the scan tool. If the vehicle is equipped with a TBC module, but the IPC was not configured for TBC , the TBC module shuts down, no TBC information is displayed in the message center and DTC U2202 sets in the TBC module. If the IPC is configured for TBC , but the vehicle is not equipped with a TBC module, TRAILER BRAKE MODULE FAULT is displayed in the message center. This symptom could occur if a replacement IPC was installed, but not configured correctly. For information on the TBC programmable parameter, refer to Programmable Parameters below. Programmable Parameters The message center displays TBC FAULT if it is receiving communications from the TBC module, but has not been configured for a trailer brake system. If the message center displays TBC FAULT and there are no DTCs stored in the TBC module, follow these steps to verify and/or modify the TBC module programmable parameter in the Instrument Panel Cluster (IPC). 1. Identify the vehicle using the normal Integrated Diagnostic System (IDS) process. 2. Select Programming and press the check box. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE26A002.HTM~gen~ref.H... 2014-03-01

---