# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 8sur 19

**Page:** 160 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 8sur 19 REPEAT the self-test. If DTC B124D:02 is retrieved again, GO to Pinpoint Test F . B1251:00 Tire Pressure Sensor Low GO to Pinpoint Test H . Battery: No Sub Type Information B1254:51 Right Rear (Outside on Dual This DTC is only present when a new BCM is installed, the Wheel) Tire Pressure Sensor BCM is flashed or reconfigured. TRAIN the tire pressure and Transmitter Assembly: Not sensors. REFER to Tire Pressure Monitoring System Programmed (TPMS) Sensor Training in this section. B1255:51 Left Rear (Outside on Dual This DTC is only present when a new BCM is installed, the Wheel) Tire Pressure Sensor BCM is flashed or reconfigured. TRAIN the tire pressure and Transmitter Assembly: Not sensors. REFER to Tire Pressure Monitoring System Programmed (TPMS) Sensor Training in this section. C1A56:51 Left Front Tire Pressure Sensor This DTC is only present when a new BCM is installed, the and Transmitter Assembly: Not BCM is flashed or reconfigured. TRAIN the tire pressure Programmed sensors. REFER to Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) Sensor Training in this section. C1A58:51 Right Front Tire Pressure This DTC is only present when a new BCM is installed, the Sensor and Transmitter BCM is flashed or reconfigured. TRAIN the tire pressure Assembly: Not Programmed sensors. REFER to Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) Sensor Training in this section. All other — REFER to Section 419-10 . DTCs Tire Pressure Monitor (TPM) Module DTC Chart DTC Description Action B1D55:01 Antenna #2: General Electrical Failure REFER to Section 303-06 . U0140:87 Lost Communication with Body Control GO to Pinpoint Test I . Module: Missing Message U0422:68 Invalid Data Received from Body Control RETRIEVE and REPAIR all non-network DTCs Module (BCM): Event Information in the BCM . REFER to Section 419-10 .

---