# Inspection And Verification

**Page:** 606 | **Type:** text

Inspection And Verification Material Item Specification Motorcraft® High Performance WSS-M6C62-A DOT 3 Motor Vehicle Brake Fluid or WSS-M6C65- (US) / Motorcraft® Brake Fluid - A1 Heavy Duty DOT 3 (Canada) PM-1-C (US); CPM-1-C (Canada) specification. Additionally, do not use brake fluid that has been previously drained. Following these instructions will help prevent system contamination, brake component damage and the risk of serious personal injury. information seek medical advice. In the USA or Canada on Ford/Motorcraft products call: 1-800-959- 3673. For additional information, consult the product Material Safety Data Sheet (MSDS) if available. Failure to follow these instructions may result in serious personal injury. NOTICE: Blistering or swelling of rubber brake components can indicate contamination of the brake fluid by a petroleum-based substance. The entire hydraulic brake system must be flushed with clean, specified brake fluid and contaminated rubber components must be replaced to prevent recontamination. NOTICE: Do not spill brake fluid on painted or plastic surfaces or damage to the surface may occur. If brake fluid is spilled onto a painted or plastic surface, immediately wash the surface with water. The first indication that something may be wrong in the brake system is a change in the feeling through the brake pedal. The brake warning indicator in the Instrument Cluster (IC) and the brake fluid level in the brake master cylinder reservoir are also indicators of system concerns. If a wheel is locked and the vehicle must be moved, open a bleeder screw at the locked wheel to let out enough fluid to relieve the pressure. Close the bleeder screw. If multiple wheels are locked, check the brake pedal free play to verify brake pedal is not partially applied. These operations may release the brakes, but will not correct the concern. If this does not relieve the locked wheel condition, repair the locked components before proceeding. 1. Verify the customer concern. (cid:122) For parking brake concerns, refer to Section 206-05 . (cid:122) For ABS concerns, refer to Section 206-09 . (cid:122) For adjustable pedal concerns, refer to Section 206-06 . (cid:122) For all other concerns, continue with the next step. 2. Visually inspect for obvious signs of mechanical or electrical damage. file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE260004.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---