# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 8sur 24

**Page:** 834 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 8sur 24 CAT19 (BU), harness side and ground. REPAIR circuit CAT19 (BU) for a short to ground. TEST the system for normal operation. (cid:122) Is the resistance greater than 10,000 ohms? A4 CHECK THE TBC MODULE PWM OUTPUT CIRCUIT FOR A SHORT TO VOLTAGE (cid:122) Ignition OFF. Yes (cid:122) Connect: Trailer Tow C439A . REPAIR circuit CAT19 (BU) for a short to (cid:122) Disconnect: TBC Module C2142 . power. TEST the system for normal (cid:122) Ignition ON. operation. (cid:122) Measure the voltage between C439A-3, circuit CAT19, (BU), harness side and ground while No operating the following lamps in turn: GO to A5 . (cid:132) Parking lamps (cid:132) Stop lamps (cid:132) Reversing lamps (cid:122) Is any voltage present? A5 CHECK FOR CORRECT TBC MODULE OPERATION (cid:122) Ignition OFF. Yes (cid:122) Inspect the TBC module connector. INSTALL a new TBC module. REFER to (cid:122) Repair: Trailer Brake Control (TBC) Module in this (cid:132) corrosion (install a new connector or section. TEST the system for normal terminal - clean module pins) operation. (cid:132) damaged or bent pins - install new terminals or pins No (cid:132) pushed-out pins - install new pins as The system is operating correctly at this necessary time. The concern may have been caused (cid:132) spread terminals - install new terminals as by a loose or corroded connector. necessary (cid:122) Connect the TBC module connector and make sure that it seats correctly. (cid:122) Test drive the vehicle in the following manner: (cid:132) maintain a speed greater than 5 km/h (3 file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE26A002.HTM~gen~ref.H... 2014-03-01

---