# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 19sur 58

**Page:** 770 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 19sur 58 Active wheel speed sensors generate a square wave current signal that is sent to the ABS module. The wheel speed sensor circuitry connects to the ABS module through 2 wires and a connector at each wheel speed sensor. When the ignition switch is turned to the RUN position, the ABS module carries out a self-test by sending a reference voltage through the wheel speed sensors and their circuitry to determine if they are functional. The front wheel bearings contain a magnetic strip that replaces the tone ring. It functions the same but is not visible for inspection. Battery voltage and ground are supplied to the active wheel speed sensors from the ABS module. DTC Description Fault Trigger Condition (cid:122) C1145 — These DTCs set in continuous memory if the ABS module detects an open, short Speed Wheel to ground or voltage or a damaged wheel speed sensor input circuit, the Sensor RF appropriate DTC sets when the vehicle speed exceeds 6 km/h (4 mph). DTCs set Input Circuit in the ignition cycle can only be cleared by cycling the ignition off and on once the Failure fault has been corrected. DTCs C1165 and C1175 also set on-demand. (cid:122) C1155 — Speed Wheel Sensor LF Input Circuit Failure (cid:122) C1165 — Speed Wheel Sensor RR Input Circuit Failure (cid:122) C1175 — Speed Wheel Sensor LR Input Circuit Failure This pinpoint test is intended to diagnose the following: (cid:122) Wheel speed sensors (cid:122) Wheel bearing magnetic strips, rear tone rings (cid:122) Wiring, terminals or connectors (cid:122) ABS module

---