# General
**Page:** 839 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 13sur 24 (cid:122) Enter the following diagnostic mode on the scan tool: Yes Self Test —TBC Module . REFER to DTC Charts in this section. (cid:122) Retrieve and record any TBC module DTCs. (cid:122) Are any TBC module DTCs retrieved? No GO to C3 . C3 OBSERVE THE VEHICLE STOPLAMP OPERATION (cid:122) Monitor the vehicle stoplamps while pressing and Yes releasing the brake pedal. GO to C4 . (cid:122) Do the vehicle stoplamps operate correctly? No REFER to Section 417-01 to diagnose the stoplamp switch. C4 CHECK THE TBC MODULE OUTPUT Yes NOTE: Every 4 seconds a voltage pulse is applied as The TBC module and vehicle wiring a trailer connectivity test. are operating correctly. SEND the (cid:122) Ignition ON. trailer to an authorized camper/trailer (cid:122) Make sure the brake pedal is not pressed and the repair center. manual slider switch is not being applied. (cid:122) Measure the voltage between 7-pin trailer tow No connector electric brake supply pin, component side GO to C5 . and ground. (cid:122) Is the voltage approximately 0.3-0.4 volt? C5 CHECK THE TBC MODULE PWM OUTPUT CIRCUIT FOR A SHORT TO VOLTAGE (cid:122) Ignition OFF. Yes (cid:122) Disconnect: TBC Module C2142 . REPAIR the circuit. TEST the system (cid:122) Ignition ON. for normal operation. (cid:122) Measure the voltage between 7-pin trailer tow connector electric brake supply pin, component side No and ground. GO to C6 . (cid:122) Is any voltage present? file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE26A002.HTM~gen~ref.H... 2014-03-01

---
