# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 3sur 11

**Page:** 3 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 3sur 11 (cid:122) Sticky steering, (cid:122) Binding ball (cid:122) REFER to the Ball Joint Inspection poor returnability joints Component Test in this section. (cid:122) Steering (cid:122) INSPECT the steering system. components INSTALL new components as necessary. REFER to Section 211- 02 . (cid:122) Caster out of (cid:122) CHECK the wheel alignment. specification REFER to Camber and Caster Adjustment in this section. ADJUST as necessary. (cid:122) Steering wheel off- (cid:122) Unequal front (cid:122) CHECK the wheel alignment. center toe setting (side- REFER to Toe Adjustment —Front to-side) in this section. ADJUST as necessary. (cid:122) Steering (cid:122) INSPECT the steering system. components INSTALL new components as necessary. For vehicles equipped with Electronic Power Assist Steering (EPAS), refer to Section 211-00A . For vehicles equipped with Hydraulic Power Assist Steering (HPAS), refer to Section 211-00B . (cid:122) Sway or roll (cid:122) Overloaded, (cid:122) NOTIFY the customer of incorrect unevenly or vehicle loading. incorrectly loaded vehicle (cid:122) Loose wheel nut (cid:122) TIGHTEN the wheel nut(s) to (s) specification. REFER to Section 204-04 . (cid:122) Shock absorber (cid:122) INSTALL new shock absorbers as (s) necessary. Refer to the appropriate section in Group 204 for the procedure. (cid:122) Loose stabilizer (cid:122) TIGHTEN the bolts to specification. bracket-to-frame Refer to the appropriate section in bolts Group 204 for the procedure. (cid:122) Worn stabilizer (cid:122) INSTALL new stabilizer bar bar bushings or bushings or links as necessary. links Refer to the appropriate section in Group 204 for the procedure. (cid:122) Damaged or (cid:122) INSTALL a new stabilizer bar as broken stabilizer necessary. Refer to the appropriate bar section in Group 204 for the procedure. (cid:122) Damaged spring (cid:122) INSTALL new springs as (s) necessary. Refer to the appropriate section in Group 204 for the procedure. (cid:122) Vehicle leans to (cid:122) Unevenly loaded (cid:122) NOTIFY the customer of incorrect one side or overloaded vehicle loading. vehicle (cid:122) Front or rear (cid:122) MEASURE the ride height. REFER file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE240003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---