# 2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 3sur 58

**Page:** 754 | **Type:** text

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 3sur 58 red brake warning light, the yellow ABS warning indicator and the sliding car icon illuminate. Electronic Stability Control (ESC) and Roll Stability Control (RSC®) Functions The ESC and RSC® functions are controlled by the ABS module and use the same wheel speed sensors and tone rings used for anti-lock braking. The ESC and RSC® functions also use input from the steering wheel rotation sensor, the stability control sensors (yaw rate, roll rate, longitudinal and lateral accelerometers) which are internal to the RCM and information from other modules sent over the HS-CAN to help maintain vehicle stability. The ABS module uses the various sensors to continuously monitor vehicle roll motion and direction of travel relative to the driver's intended course. If the ABS module determines from all these inputs that the vehicle is unable to travel in the intended direction or that a condition exists for a potential rollover event, it modulates brake pressure to the appropriate brake caliper(s) by opening and closing the appropriate solenoid valves inside the HCU while the hydraulic pump motor is activated. At the same time, the ABS module sends a message over the HS-CAN that a stability event is taking place. When the IPC receives this message, it flashes the stability/traction control indicator (sliding car icon). During a stability event, conditions may require the involvement of the PCM to limit engine torque like it does for traction control. Once the stability condition has been corrected, the ABS module sends another message over the HS-CAN indicating that the event has ended. The PCM returns engine timing and fuel injectors to normal operation and the IPC turns off the sliding car icon. Certain DTCs being present in the ABS module may disable the ESC and RSC® functions. Depending on the DTCs present, the yellow ABS warning indicator and/or the sliding car icon are illuminated. Trailer Sway Control Function Trailer sway control is a unique function of the RSC® system that uses information from the steering wheel rotation sensor and the yaw information from the RCM to determine if a trailer sway event is taking place. Trailer sway is the undesirable yaw force a trailer can apply to the towing vehicle. If the ABS module determines that a trailer sway event is taking place, it takes action similar to the action taken for an ESC and an RSC® event. At the same time, the ABS module sends a message over the HS-CAN that a trailer sway event is taking place. When the IPC receives this message, it flashes the stability traction control indicator (sliding car icon) and displays TRAILER SWAY REDUCE SPEED in the message center. If necessary, the PCM reduces engine torque as it does for ESC and RSC® . Once the trailer sway has been corrected, the ABS module sends another message over the HS-CAN indicating that the event has ended. The PCM returns engine timing and fuel injectors to normal operation and the IPC turns off the stability traction control indicator (sliding car icon). If the vehicle is also equipped with a TBC system, the TBC module receives the trailer sway message from the ABS module and takes appropriate action to assist in reducing the trailer sway. Refer to Section 206-10 for information on the TBC system. Trailer sway control only activates with vehicle speed greater than 64 km/h (40 mph). Any malfunction that disables the RSC® function also disables the trailer sway control function. Trailer sway control can also be disabled through the message center. Refer to the Owner's Literature for the disabling/enabling procedure. Regardless of the chosen state (enabled or disabled), trailer sway control is re-enabled at each ignition key cycle. Hill Start Assist file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~us~en~file=SE269003.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---