# General
**Page:** 223 | **Type:** text | **Parent:** General

2014 F-150 Workshop Manual Page 2sur 3 (cid:122) Install the new bolts and tighten to 102 Nm (75 lb-ft). 5. NOTE: Never use more then 1 shim on a side at a time. Install desired shim on the axle spring seat, or on top of the 4x4 spacer block. (cid:122) Lower the axle pinion using the thick edge of the shim forward, to decrease pinion angle. (cid:122) Raise the axle pinion using the thick edge of the shim rearward, to increase pinion angle. 6. Install 4 new u-bolts and 8 new u-bolt nuts. With the suspension at curb height, tighten the new u-bolt nuts evenly in a cross-type pattern in 4 stages. For additional information, refer to Section 204-02 . (cid:122) Stage 1: Tighten in a cross pattern to 35 Nm (26 lb-ft). (cid:122) Stage 2: Tighten in a cross pattern to 70 Nm (52 lb-ft). (cid:122) Stage 3: Tighten in a cross pattern to 100 Nm (74 lb-ft). (cid:122) Stage 4: Tighten in a cross pattern to 133 Nm (98 lb-ft). 7. Install a new shock absorber lower nut and bolt. For additional information, refer to Section 204-02 . (cid:122) Tighten the new nut and bolt to 90 Nm (66 lb-ft). 8. NOTE: If adjusting axle pinion angle to reduce/eliminate driveline vibration or moan causes an issue with shudder on acceleration, then the pinion angle must be adjusted to optimize the balance between perceived vibration/moan and perceived shudder. NOTE: Shims can be used to lower the center bearing support and minimize this condition. Up to 3 shims may be installed. The center bearing support bolts must be replaced using the part listed in the table or new grade 10.9 bolts. The bolts should be long enough to extend at least 3 threads past the nuts. Measure the driveline angle again. For additional information, refer to Driveline Angle Measurement in this section. (cid:122) If necessary, remove and discard the 2 center bearing support bolts and install shims in 1/4 inch increments to lower the center bearing support. (cid:122) Install 2 new bolts and tighten to 48 Nm (35 lb-ft). file:///C:/TSO/tsocache/VDTOM2_10764/SE2~ruesp~aeirn4l~esfisle=SE250005.HTM~gen~ref.HT... 2014-03-01

---
